review
"Why does it look like someone spit on my food?
I had a normal transaction,  everyone was chill and polite, but now i dont want to eat this. Im trying not to think about what this milky white/clear substance is all over my food, i d*** sure am not coming back."
It'd McDonalds. It is what it is as far as the food and atmosphere go. The staff here does make a difference. They are all friendly, accommodating and always smiling. Makes for a more pleasant experience than many other fast food places.
"Made a mobile order got to the speaker and checked it in.
Line was not moving so I had to leave otherwise I   d be late for work.
Never got the refund in the app.
I called them and they said I could only get my money back in person because it was stuck in the system.
Went there in person the next day  and the manager told me she wasnï¿"
My mc. Crispy chicken sandwich was     customer service was quick and p
I repeat my order 3 times in the drive thru, and she still manage to mess it up , it was suppose to be a large meal double filet of fish with large fries , no cheese . It was all wrong , they either need to pay close attention to the order being made , understand English or they need not to work at a drive thru
I work for door dash and they locked us all out to wait in a long line for no reason at 10. I tried to beg them to open it because I'm door dash and they refused.  Covid is over get a new job
If I  could give this location a zero on customer service, I  would. Pulled into drive through at 8:07 and placed a simple order. I order a regular hamburg and cookies. Once I paid and pulled up to the window to pick up, I  was told to pull up to the #1 space. I sat there and sat there and.........25 minutes later, no order. I  went in and no one was at the counter. I yelled "hello" three times. A young lady came up asking who was handling the front counter. A young girl appeared. To make this complaint shorter, I  showed my receipt and another 5 minutes later I got my order. There was another order with a drink sitting on the counter that never got to the person who ordered it. After getting home, I  had no regular hamburg but had cookies. Everyone, don't even bother going to this location again. It's a horrible experience every time as you can see by other reviews.
Came in and ordered a Large coffee w/no ice. They handed me a cup that was less than half way full. I asked the employee, Flor, if they could give me a Large coffee w/no ice and she said no. I was willing to pay more to get a full cup of coffee. I always get a large sweet tea w/no ice and it ½
Went thru drive thru. Ordered. Getting home noticed my 10 piece nuggets where missing. Tried calling the restaurant and nothing. The lady gave me a hard time about extra sauce. Very unhappy .....
I'm not really a huge fan of fast food, but I have 2 teenage daughter's who enjoy McDs. The staff here is always friendly and ALWAYS get their orders correct. By far one of the best McDs I have ever been to. I always enjoy and appreciate quality service from quality people... and you'll definitely find it here. At least from the evening crew. Haven't been here during the day. My girls joke that I go here so often to get them food, that the staff is going to end up knowing me and having their order ready to go. Lmao Great people and excellent service. ï¿½ï
Worst McDonald 
"We stopped by for a quick breakfast.  It was not crowded inside, but there was a pretty long drive thru.

Our order was supposed to have 3 food items and 2 drinks. They missed a food item. The lady ignored me when I told her.

My husband went to get it, she finished her task then handed it to him without a word or smile or anything."
The morning crew seems fast and efficient. Night crew is a whole different experience, lines down the street, hour long waits. If this was a one time occurrence it wouldn't be so bad but this is a nightly problem. Beyond this the staff is so highly rude you leave wanting to crash your car through the building. Don't forget they will mistake your order almost every single time as well and serve it to you cold.
Today, i was disappointed in that restaurant #11853 did not get me my FULL order, meaning I did not receive my condiments for my big breakfast with hot cakes. No butter, no syrup, and no utensils. Luckily this was a hiccup and not a regular thing. Oh, and the egg was half the size of the sausage.
Ordered food burger wrong and left out part of the order also. One of the drink cup lid not fattened. Poor service girl handing order at window on January 7, 2023 at 1pm.
This was a dine in experience. The tables were all dirty & we did not get our food after waiting 35 minutes. Chicken sandwich was burnt.
The line wS extremely big and was moving very slowly, plus they were out of apple pies and strawberry cream pies, but they gave me substitute cinnabun, the staff was very apologetic for being slow & they were out of pies, but it was middle of the night and they were extremely under-staffed.
The boy who attended me made me wait and when he saw that the drink was wrong he threw the bag of food at me with a grimace. So disappointed!
I am not happy at all today I went and bought 4 Strawberry Banana smoothies and and 2 hash browns and my smoothies tasted like straight ice and water smh. And I am very disappointed in there service my smoothie should never taste like that never especially the fact I bought it for not only me but my kids. I need someone to contact me from corporate or something. I am not happy at all waste of moneyï¿½
The staff seems to always be different which makes ordering sometimes a little difficult because they are in a state of perpetual learning which can also lead to waiting a bit longer but the lobby is always clean as well as the bathrooms
"Can't believe experience with order taker. Went from drive thru and employee directly asks what do you want. He keeps rushing while taking order with no other cars placing order. We wanted to add one more item and asked for a minute. He keeps asking what else. When I said we are ready - no response. There were no other car placing order that time either. I told again we are ready. responded after a pause. Again what do you want... excuse me.. who talks to customers like this ??
I asked for his name to put a review and he flat out denied. I asked for receipt before handing my credit card. He swipes it and returns back my card. I m waiting for a receipt with my family in the car. He starts inputing another order on his tablet. Waited for sometime and then I waive my hand several times. He opens window and said you can get receipt from next window. Excuse me ??
Went to next window - picked up food, asked for Manager and got his name JAMAR. My receipt states 08/06/2022 7:20pm Order 05
I didn't want to complain but this was intolerable."
Meh.. just meh. When I finally get the correct order, it is generally tasty. I'm a picky eater, and have found ways to navigate the menu to get items I like. Worked in the service industry for years as a server, bartender, and trainer. Taking and fulfilling orders is NOT hard, tedious at times though. I only go here when I see they are not busy, in hope that my order is correct when I go to leave. In the 10 times that I have been here in the past past year, I have only had 1 order that was perfectly correct. Just ONE, not an exaggeration. That one order was just 2 large fries and nothing else. Though I will mention that when I got home and pulled them out of the bag, they were hardly what you'd call filled, (nor did I enjoy any on the 3 minute drive home) so little so that I even sent a picture and post to McDonald's on Facebook, at least the few were hot. The evening staff is very pleasant, but the morning staff leaves a lot to be desired, as well as thinking that they can talk negatively about people in Spanish out in the open which, being a light skinned Puerto Rican, I understand perfectly. I have submitted several complaints and NEVER received a call or email back. I just don't go here anymore to avoid the stress of paying money for something that is most likely wrong.
Just needed caffeine. The staff at the drive thru just shoved the drink in my hands. Not very professional.
This is consistently the worst meal you will pay for. Microwaved nuggets, cold fries and a 30 minute wait. What more can you ask for? Dont go here ever! Your better off going hungry or giving the meal you payed for to the homeless by the donation box behind the drive thru.
Didn   t take card. But didn 
McDonald   s is proud to own the most broken ice cream machines on the planet. When I asked at the drive through if they had ice cream the lady replied    na ½ï¿½ï
With all the new upgrades everything looks great and clean great staff
Doesn 
Yet another McDonald's with horrible service and lazy employees. I mean c'mon do they intentionally hire unqualified people???
First and last time I go to this location. Look at my receipt and what I got. That   s a plain sausage biscuit plus a double quarter pounder. I didn ½ï¿½
(Sarcasm) this was exactly what I ordered! A 20 minute wait in the drive through for a room temperature caramel mocha that was less than 2/3 full!
"This location is wack.
They will literally stop taking orders and make people sit in the parking lot for like 12 minutes until 3:00 a.m. so that they don't get to order dinner food anymore.
We have gone multiple times right after leaving the pinballz arcade just to sit in the parking lot in the Drive-Thru line waiting while they do nothing but wait for the order menu to change over.
Look McDonald's if I wanted a breakfast deluxe I wouldn't have shown up at 2:30 in the morning thank you."
They did not honor there advertised price. This is extra pickles.
Just spent 10 minutes waiting at this McDonald's . According to Google they're open 24/7. Finally we pull up to the window to see if anyone was there, sure enough one employee seated in the lobby and another at the window. She told me they were closed. Whoever these two are they need to be replaced. Get it together McDonald's. You're a corporate power house and you have a reputation to keep. One of the most unprofessional experiences I've ever had with fast food. 0/10 would not recomend this location.
We hit it off pretty good in the beginning everything was great but that didn   t last long. I mean the service is fast but with attitude an
This location is a horrible store to work for. The General Manger Omar Delgado  doesn   t know how to run a store efficiently. The Supervisor, Eduardo doesn   t care how it   s ran either.  As someone who used to work here at the Manger 
This is 3rd time I got this  ½ï
The staff are very friendly and they do their job perfectly
Awesome service! Food hot!  Best ever
"Went through the drive through ordered a large fry and two chicken deluxe sandwiches
Got to the pay window and the read it back as two spicey chicken sandwiches
I restated that I wanted the deluxe crispy chicken sandwich
They said they would fix it after having to pay a second time for the lettuce and tomato    then when I got the order it was still a spicey chicken sandwich INSIDE a deluxe crispy chicken b"
If you didn   t take 15 minutes to take a few orders I   d be able to order off your normal menu instead of the disgusting br
This is the WORST McDonald's EVER, I don't come here often because when I do my order is wrong EVERY TIME.  Today 2/25/22 1130am 1 the drive thru person could barely hear me and I was almost yelling 2 I get to the next window after paying and I'm asked what did you order?? I tell them at the end of me repeating my order I now have your entire staff looking CONFUSED AS HELL like I just dropped outta the sky now I'm being asked did I pay? Are you sure you ordered at the speaker? Now all of ya'll wear head sets except for the cooks the worst leadership I've ever seen
Me and my girlfriend came tonight to pick up our food after 11pm for a mobile order, they need a better system if you are walking on foot. The food tasted great, loved the McDonald's deal ordering from the app.
Been frequenting this location for a few years.Morning,mid-day and night,the food is always hot,fresh and served with a smile.
The drinks were watered down and the employee was downright rude when asked to replace the drinks.!!
I ordered a Large fry buy after arriving to my destination I saw they did not fill the carton up.  They gave me a small portion for what I paid for.  This is not right and management needs to correct this.  Stealing from customers is plain wrong.  When ordering a large, they expect to get what should come in a large.  I noticed after my bad experience that your reviews are low.  In order order to create a good business, giving people an exceptional experience should be your goal not the opposite.
Will not answer my call. Messed up my order 4times in and hour!
Slow always have wait for my food and have to go back in to get it fixed.  No one ever iles or has a none fake smile. No welcome to McDonald's or have a great day especially in drive through . And if you do say something's wrong you get a major attitude especially from the shift manager guy tall black guy .  ( Sorry don't know his name )
Horrible service worker with a stank attitude for no reason working at the window mute with an attitude mad because she is miserable at work . They mess up the order and then don   t answer the phone it   s ridiculous. Found a long hair in my daughters happy meal fries and then the extra fry was missing from her meal and t
Normally this location does pretty good, but last night was absolutely ridiculous. I sat in the drive thru for almost an hour waiting to get my order taken, the line was wrapped almost TWICE around the building, and finally I gave up and tried driving up to the window to give them my order since i was next in line. When i got to the window, they told me they couldn't take it and I'd have to go back around. I told them I'd like to put in my order here since I've been waiting all this time, and they proceeded to still refuse and that it's my fault for waiting in the second lane that they claimed was closed and had a sign out. The second lane was open, and the "sign" they were talking about was a wet floor sign they had placed right next to the drive-thru menu. I told them the lane looked open from our side and they still proceeded to argue with me, and then slammed the drive thru window shut. I've never received such deplorable customer service in my life, and if any managers are reading this, I highly suggest firing the two workers from last night.
I went to this location tonight to see if they could give me the Oreo Mcflurry that a different McDonald   s had forgotten earlier they completely refused. Unbelievable.. It   s ice cream ½ï
Rude customer service, unprofessional attitude, overcooked food, no complimentary items for screwing up our orders. I don't understand how you can keep your job when there is so many negative reviews. I vow to never eat here again. I would rather eat a cold can of baked beans...
Representative was very rude and disrespectful,  refused fulfilling my order and simply hung up on me on the drive through window... never was I so disappointed at that location before. Manager pretended like nothing even happened.
They got our order correct and didn't cut me off before I had finished ordering our food at the speaker. I could actually understand our order taker. I don't know if it really gets any better than that at a fast food place anymore.
Good quick drive through service.  Was a long line but went very quickly.
Yup. It   s McDona
I go here all the time. Great staff.. NVR get my food wrong it's just always a line wrapped around lol that's why they ain't 5 stars. Most def customer service is better then the food but hey I just go for my kids because they love it so why not! Good customer service guys! Makes all the difference
I went to pick up food from the restaurant at late night through drive through. I was told to wait near the door and I will be getting the order but even after waiting 15 minutes no one came with the food. Orders are already assigned and even after coming through drive through it takes more than half an hour to get it which is not good. Lots of people behind me got the food but no one cared about the driver who is already waiting from long time. Thank you
OPEN 24HRS all the darn time!!  If there are 24 hours in every day and then 7 days in a week then that means this place is open eleventeen million hours a year.  I dont even know how they find people to work here I mean how do they shower or brush their teeth or change clothes if they are always there.... I think I may have an idea: they are robots.  Or clones, like this example that's Dolly the sheep she's pretty hot NGL.
It was late, order was wrong, person taking order needs to slow down,
"The manager IS RUDE at 13749 183 research Blvd.in north Austin TX. HAD TO GO BACK INTO THE  DINER  3 TIMES AND THE 3RD TIME THE MANAGER DIDNT EVEN ACKOWLEDGE WE WERE EVEN THERE.. DISCRIPTION OF SAID MANAGER SPANISH ABOUT 5 FT TALL AND HAD LONG BLONDOISH HAIR PULLED BACK INTO A PONY TAIL. READ PREVIOUS REVIEWS AND THRY WERE NOT GOOD
NEED TO CHECK OUT WHAT IS GOING ON ."
Never would come back here again my mother was asking for a coke and the lady became rude and said to her coworker in Spanish omg this fat women it hurt me that she said that and we know what she said so teach your employees how to speck properly in front of people
I placed an order... the young lady at the drive thru kept having issues getting the order correctly... I paid for my order... went to the second window.. was given a huge bag that almost broke through with stuff... I pulled up just a little bit to check my order:  noticed I was missing an item, fries, so I pulled around to let the lady at the first window know I   m missing something... she just dismissed me to the 2nd window... and the 2 ladies at the second window weren   t the best either.  When I stated I drove back around because I was missing my fries.. I didn   t realize my receipt was in the bag to confirm my order.. found it and gave it to one of the ladies... the second lady, I   m guessing to be heard due to my inconvenience of my order not being correct, for her to take ownership for what possibly could of went wrong and show some compassion instead of being kind of prude ... after I received the fries the manager dismissed me with a condescending  ½ï¿½
Never gotten my order wrong, employees seem to change a lot but they're consistently quick and nice. Also the prices here are lower than other locations, I don't know why but its a total welcome change haha.
They run out of fry containers and constantly forget sauces. The dining room is still closed for some reason so have fun getting back in line for a sauce. Sometimes the fries aren't great which is a huge part of McDonald's. Come on guys...
They get an extra Star because their staff 8 of 10 have been polite. Drive through has issues. They constantly get order wrong. Ask you to pull forward to fix and leave you hanging. I have had to go in twice to see why I am still sitting after five minutes. They are new. I understand training new people. But when you place an order and they repeat it back correctly and it comes out wrong or you have to repeat 3 times to make sure they get it right. Someone inside needs to make sure they are reading the whole ticket. Not just a quarter pounder. Especially with the multi menu choice of adding bacon or lettuce and tomatoes. Their tea as of late has tasted like dish soap and their fountain drinks have a funky taste to them. Numerous times their fries have been under cooked.
Got Wrong order ½
"McDonald's is usually pretty bad about inventory shorts especially.
The BBQ sauce, it's just a conspiracy but if you ever been a lover of Mcys Nuggets then you know they tend to ""Forget"" the BBQ sauce. Any other sauce and it's in there. But overall I dont see my self going back anytime soon."
So Uber eats was having connectivity issues and pushed an order through to this location that was supposed to be cancelled. I know this isnt McDonald's fault, but when I called McDonalds to try and address the issue, they answered and then ignored me and must have left their phone off the hook because any attempt to call them after this got me only dial tone. I know places are short staffed, but you cant just ignore people.
If I paid for a large-sized meal, and I asked for both a large fry and a large drink, please don't argue with me that the ticket says medium drink. Thank you so much from a single parent who just wanted to spend a little bit of money on unhealthy food for wasting my hard-earned money.
Customer  service  is no good the staff  play games  as if I'm there to pay my money  to see them horsing around. And the the management  are a jock don't answer  the phone . to night is September 29 2021 at 10:30pm my next  visit to Austin will not be to a McDonald's...
My nuggets were way to salty and crunchy which means to had been sitting there a while, cashier cut me off in the middle of my order but was nice and polite when I addressed it and fries where kinda cold but another then good place to get food at an affordable price
Alright I know it was 5:25 in the morning when we came here and the worker was probably tired as hell. I will give him that for sure, but it was just odd pulling up to the machine and total silence. we had to say "hello?" before he came on and asked what we wanted. Was seemingly rude about it and not amazingly friendly. You do not have to sound peppy and full of life at 5am, but at least be nice..
waited in the drive through for over half an hour, all i got for my trouble was a "sorry for the wait" not even an explanation. When I got to the second window there were at least a dozen sodas just sitting on the counter. It's not the first time I've had bad service. I once pulled up and they just said we're not serving right now even though it was smack dab in the middle of the day hours.
When you specifically say,    plain AND dry    and then just to make sure they understood (cuz let   s face it, it   s MacDonalds) you add -    so nothing but the meat and buns   . Then you get home, open the bag, and immediately see the cheese through the hamburger wrapper.... I mean for cryin
"Buyer beware. Yeah it   s fast food and cheap. However, if you love to be consistently let down, this particular location is the place to frequent. This location loves to give you incorrect items and 100% of the time your order will be missing something.

Please be sure to check your order prior to leaving the premises. Do note that it takes forever to get them to correct their mistakes, so do take into consideration that the rest of your food will be cold and soggy by the time"
Service is slow, but I get all of my items with no errors and it's a bit smaller than most locations. Overall, it's a good place to grab a quick bite near Lake Creek.
The cashier's are very nice. Its very clean on the inside, and they get your food done fast
Manager waited on me. He went out of his way to make me a satisfied customer.  Great customer service!
2:42 AM on a Saturday and they just straight up stopped answering the drive through. They just sitting in there chilling
I would have given 5 stars, the evening manager is the nicest person I have seen and is definitely in charge of training her crew with constantly new help, in spite of this, everytime I have to return an order she goes back to the kitchen and patiently disassembles the sandwich and explains the proper way to make the sandwich in a spirit of education and with a cherry disposition. You can tell the children she works with respect her and look up to her, and yes, they might get things confused occasionally but I will continue to go there. 4 out of 5 stars
The staff is very kind and the food is usually prepared in a timely manner, for this reason it'sone of my preferred location's. However the drive thru line can sometimes be an inconvenience as it can get very long and at times even block entrances.
Awful experience. Drive thru attendants are rude, untrained, and unprofessional. When asked for a manager the attendants lie and say that there isn't one on duty, FYI impossible for every shift not to have a manager. One specific attendant screamed and cursed at me, to which led me to contact corporate.
Decent McDonald's location.  The team here has always been friendly.  Drive thru can get pretty backed up during normal meal periods, so often it is better to go inside.  Make sure you go close to regular meal periods for fresher food vs the ones under the heat lamp for a while.    Store is always clean.
"Hashbrowns were fire today.

Frappes always on point and the machine is always working.

Always get me to work on time with fast workers"
When I order during the day, I have zero issues. They are listed as a 24 hour location, so they show up on Uber Eats late at night. Anytime I order after midnight, they will accept my order through UE and then sit around for an hour before cancelling it. I don't understand why you list yourselves as a 24 hour location if you cancel any orders after midnight. Other than that, this place has always given great service.
I ordered 4 happy meals with plain cheeseburgers. All the burgers were wrong. Do you know what it   s like to have four grandkids that canï¿
McDonalds is NOT a fast food company anymore. They're just a food company now. Always a line wrapped around the building that never moves. When are robots going to replace the kitchen staff who hate their jobs?
This McDonalds CONSTANTLY gets orders wrong. We have ordered at the window and over uber and EVERY SINGLE TIME we dont get a complete order. Today we went back to get our fry we had 3 chicken sandwiches and 2 fry not complicated at all. The manager gave us a new one but the girl at the oick up window shoved the bag in ny hands and when I tha ked her she made a rude face and turned away.
Night time drive through team seem really unprofessional. I ordered a meal with an extra fry, but when I got to the food window, was only given the fry with the meal. I mentioned the extra fry and was told I only paid for 1 fry. I offered to pay the difference for the extra fry, but was told I needed to drive back around and order again. Seriously? That's the response? Will not be returning.
This is the 3rd time in a row that we   ve been burned going through the drive threw. Each time they have messed up our order and you   d think by now that I would have learned my lesson, but I thought this would be quick and easy. NOPE! This location sucks. I tried calling the number in the receipt but no one answers. I know I can ½
Worst experience! All I asked for was a regular size coffee.I get to the window and was handed a small , I asked the woman if that was a regular to which she rudely said yes I questioned her again two more times then I asked her how many sizes of coffee they had she said small medium and large I asked her which one was the one I was holding and she said it's a small that's what we charged you for she said, and I told her I asked for a regular which would be a medium but I just drove off. Also asked for 3 splendas and 4 creamers on the side and received 3 regular sugars and 2 creamers. To top it off, coffee was full of coffee grounds to the point I was spitting them out. And as a little plus there was a piece of plastic! Never again!
Attempted to go through the drive thru at 430 am. It said it was 24 hour, however no one seemed to be taking orders and I drove around twice just in case and tried again but still no answer. I saw one employee in the kitchen but couldn't get his attention.   Very bad business. If closed or delayed in opening then at least a sign that indicates that would have been nice.
This place is okay. It has these kiosks where you order, take a number, and they bring the food to your table. I ordered a frozen lemonade, paid for it, then sat down. I was there for a bit before someone came and told me they were out. I got a regular drink instead but it was too much trouble to get a refund for the difference. I'm not sure I like this new way.
"My burger was completely raw in the middle and when I took the burger back in to get it remade the lady behind the counter treated me like I was some stuck up brat for not wanting to eat a raw burger.
If I had the ability to give them a zero star rating I would. I WILL NEVER EAT HERE AGAIN!!!"
"If I could give negative stars I would. This location is the absolute worst ever.  Every single time I go they f up my order! Then give attitude when they need to correct their mistakes.  I Try to give the benefit of the doubt everyone has off/bad days so I return thinking this time will be different, but it never is. They always suck. The staff is horrible. Corporate needs to send all their staff over to a week of training at chic-fil-A college to learn about work ethic, time management ,teamwork and basic manors.
I am baffled how chic-fil-a can have 30 cars in drive thru and get my order right the first time and under 5 mins. But at McDonald   s there could be 3 cars and it still takes 30 mins and 3+ tries to get my order right! makes no logical sense.
Moral of rant save your time and money and drive around the corner to chic-fil-a they got your"
When ordering food the employees conveniently forgot to turn off their microphones and were talking mess about all the food we had ordered, this is very unprofessional and honestly uncalled for. When I asked for a receipt they said it was in the bad and it was convenient not in there. I   ve trying to get ahold of management to speak ab
I don   t usually review places but this location has ridiculously rude service and consistently gets the orders wrong. Even when not busy. If I were rude, I ½ï
Allways has the best Fries and Ice cream in the world!
Mcdonalds is great but they really need to hire people who understand both english and spanish and not just spanish speakers trying to take english orders. The people are really nice but be smarter about who you put in the drive thru and lobby to take orders.
I love going to McDonald's in that area because that's where I get most of my food for my family and my grandchildren and they love me when I bring stuff to him like every couple days so it's great to go to that McDonald's McDonald's is a good spot for taking my grandkids and buy him food there are the greatest thing that they're right off of lake Creek thank you for putting it there
I work for Doordash and when I go to pick up orders at night I spend 20 minutes of my time just waiting in the drive thru line. There has to be a easier way for this to get done.
"Horrible customer service always gets my order wrong. They were out of French fries so I said that's fine I can wait while you make more. ""We can't do that"" seriously what kind of fast food place can't make fries? It only takes two minutes and 15 to heat up even the worst fryer. Which I would have waited for. Is this not the money making industry?

My business is now sitting at Whataburger who also doesn't have fries ready but said I could have some fresh in two minutes."
The most horrible service yet.  Drive thru can't get a dam thing right at all has no interest in his voice. I have to continue to repeat myself for you to still get it wrong. Then when I went through drive threw they still can't follow directions. So sad.
I hate the new self ordering touchscreens. It can be hard to order even the simplest items.  Staff seemed preoccupied, did not even get my order correct. I had to ask for my parfait. Sweet tea was empty.
Nothing! Staff was rude. No napkins out, tables were dirty. My son and I went in at 1050 to get lunch before a movie knowing lunch starts at 1030. They apparently don't serve lunch until 11. When I asked why she said because people like late breakfast on weekends. Why that affects lunch I don't know. According to the sign, breakfast is served all day. Had I read the reviews first I would have gone to the one across the highway.
Your general fast food place with subpar service. Went here one morning to get a quick breakfast because we had no time for our usual Saturday morning spot. We ordered several different breakfast items and at the end my wife went to order a single order of three pancakes and sausage breakfast for one of the kids. At checkout it seemed expensive at first, the cashier never repeated the order back to us. When we received our order, we figured out why. She put us down for three total three pancakes and sausage breakfasts. When my wife brought it up the girl behind the register just said "oops, sorry" and walked away, no offer to fix it or give a refund. Great job.
Let   s just say this place would be a lot better if they had a different crew member. There is a orange red hair lady names Veronica who does the window mostly and she ALWAYS has a attitude. If you don   t want to work at McDonalds then gone because their are people who take customer service 
"I didn't used to mind this McD's.  I was happy there was an option for 24-hr food in case I wanted something on the way home from a night out with friends or just late-night munchies.  During the day, it's a pretty average McD's.  But they lost my business forever when I went by one night at 1am, pulled up to the order box, waited for five minutes, then finally someone came over the speaker and said ""Sorry we're closed"".

Closed?!  It's 24-hrs!  And I get it, sometimes 24-hr places will close one night every several months to do a deep cleaning.  I get that, I really do.  But they ALWAYS post signs and notices so you're not blind-sided by it.  Not this place.  I really don't think they were closed.  I think the workers were too lazy to do their job and decided to shut the store down so they could get paid to do nothing.

Additionally, this store has a bad habit of having a ""broken"" ice cream machine past 10pm.  It's always ""sorry, ice cream machine is broken"" if you come in after the lobby closes.

The worst part is I complained on the website.  I submitted a complaint for this store, pointing out the 24-hr and the ice cream issue.  All I got back (weeks later) was ""oh, sorry the ice cream machine was broken, we're working to upgrade all our locations but it takes time""  Not even a single MENTION of the ""closed"" 24-hr location.

As I said, it's a pretty standard McD's... which is synonymous with lazy, but this one takes the cake on it."
Very stringent on providing Ketchup. Last 3-5 visits I   ve been given only 1
They tried to charge me for a piece of egg when I asked for a bacon egg and cheese McGriddle through the drive thru. I went inside and the manager tried to charge me when her employee never confirmed my order. All I said was sub bacon instead of the sausage and somehow the egg got taken off? I don ½ï
Love the price  French fries
We went through the drive-through and ordered 2 bacon-cheese burgers and 2 big Mac's and we asked for them to leave the middle part (the bread in the center). We got the bacon-cheese burgers and they were fine. But the big Mac's not only still had the bread in the center but had another piece of bread on the bottom with mac-sause on them. So instead of 2 pieces of meat and 2 pieces of bread I ended with 2 pieces of meat and 4 pieces of bread. I was not amused when I got home. You can bet that I will NOT EVER stop there again.
I was very surprised to have come to this McDonalds while working this side of town .. Coffee was like drinking a cup of  hot water.. wow McDonalds has been known for its coffee. Not this one. Get a water instead.
Terrible service didn   t even hand me my change would rather 
Always busy, sort of slow (but not too slow). Dangerous intersection, when leaving the drive thru. The food the couple of times I have been here seemed old or dry, it wasn't bad, just not very good.
All that I had ordered was two McDoubles and large soda. Both burgers were not just pink but Red in the center. Was the last time I have even TRIED eating fast food altogether.
Food was good atmosphere was ok restaurant was clean. Only thing from making it a 5 I almost ate it on the floor. Wet sign was present but it was beyond slick. Otherwise good quick place to grab a bite.
I am very dissatisfied with the service at this location. I asked for a #1 which is a big Mac instead they charged me for a quarter pounder. My son ordered a cheeseburger happy meal , he wanted the burger with mustard, onions, and pickles. My son was so upset and he refused to eat his food . The burger that I got slopply made and the meat was half way hanging out of the burger and it was so bad that it was almost dry. My little boy was so upset that he doesn't want to here any more. From a very mad Mommy and a hurt little boy
Id only eat from here if there is no other option. Its on a good location since its kinda on my way from work to home. I finish work at 12am so i have literally no other option cause i am exhausted and not willing to drive further. Burgers are dry, patties are old, i got 4 nuggets instead of 6. In short, dont waste your money cook yourself at home.
I work late nights so I come here after my shift which is well after midnight. It   s rare I have a good experience when the overnight staff is running the show. Missing items, the quality of the food is just not good, clearly it   s been sitting there for a while, and it just seems like they have difficulty getting my order. I get that it 
I found  pieces of hair in my food. I also had to  Pay for pancake syrup and ranch and when I open the bag they were already open and leaking into my bag.  When I called to make a complaint the manager   Did not answer it took 7 calls back-to-back an he was incredibly rude!  He told me that everyone there has passed their certification and if I don't like it I can go to the health department.  I have made a complaint with the  Texas health department. Floors are disgusting, bathrooms are disgusting!  This is the worst McDonald's I have ever been to in my life and I have traveled all over this country.
Compared to other Macdonald's locations, this is consistently the best. Polite, fast and overwhelming accurate on the orders. I've been going to this location for a while, never had a bad experience at the drive thru. Great staff!
One star because everytime I go early in the morning this lady is always so rude. Granted I know its early but if u can't handle being up this early then maybe you should consider getting a different job. It's not okay to be rude.
Asked me to wait at spot one. Asked for jelly and was completely ignored. Had to go inside to get it myself. Trash customer service. I blame management for not holding anyone accountable.
seriously I had asked specifically no onion on both of my steak bagels meals when I got to my house they both had onions. and I had asked for picante sauce and they didn't even put sauce  packets in my bag. it just sucks getting home and not being able to eat what you expected.
The personal are really nice but everytime I go there, they almost mess my order. Sometimes I pay extra for my extra toppings and They forgot to add the topings  they made it just plain. And like in the bacon mcd double I always order  that one for my daughter with only mayo en they add mac sause and she is allergic to onions. And there is always something missing in my order.  
The inside smells like baby diapers. When you ask for extra sweet and sour sauce they give you a dirty look like it is such a hassle. The ice cream machine is always broken, and the food always looks like it was put together so carelessly. Guess you can't expect much from a McDonald's anyways.
I like this location. It's my dogs favourite for unsalted fries, so I have to give them five stars. Great crew - fast, well groomed, friendly.
They are always rude and get mad when they mess your order up I've never been to such a bad service place
One of the worst places I   ve ever been to. Messed up almost every single item I ordered. Phone lines donï¿½ï
Seriously, what is the deal with not being able to brew fresh sweet tea? It's sad that you have to check your drinks before you leave the drive thru. It seems as if 3 time a week we get bad tea from this location. It's not like we can just leave work to go get a new one either. We send my hubby on a drink run in the morning and he constantly forgets to take the "taste test" before he leaves, but he should not have to!
I tried the spices chicken nugget sauce for the first time. It was like a thick Tabasco and I liked it a lot more than I thought I would! I ate that instead of my burger.
Literally the only thing they did not mess up was the drinks. The frys were old and barely filled halfway and we ordered a large, the only condiment we asked for was ketchup...didn ½ï¿½ï
They tried to sell me 2 hashbrowns for $3 when it clearly says 3 for $3 on the drive thru menu . im already mad with myself for going there in the first place. But im in a rush this morning. So i get to the window after showing the pic they still say so you want 2 and 1 extra? Oh i snapped. Then i asked how much is one hashbrown. He said $1 ohhhh i snapped lol so the deal is you get to pay a extra $1 for 2 ? So i just said give me 3 $ hashbrowns. Then they said its tax.. I wanted to jump out of my brand new suv .. Lol i now see why they have those videos of people jumping on fast food workers! So i gave them my card and call the manager and he was just as smart as them. Armando said we do have sandwiches for $3. I almost threw my phone. I said i never asked you about a sandwich i said hashbrowns. Smh then i just said good bye sir you'll be hearing from me again. But really wants the use. I made that bad decision
Much cleaner after the renovations and the quality of food for a mcdonalds is better as well. The staff has been relatively friendly and with the new atmosphere im more likely to eat inside rather than the drive thru.
24 hour drive through but they start breakfast only around 4 am which I find irritating af. I did not go there at 4:20am for a egg McMuffin
So bad they had to re-engineer their quarter pounder! It was great, then they went cheapo, now they added some extra fat to the mix. They take their fortune for granted. It's really sad. Great fries though, if you don't get a bag of soggy burnt tip one inchers! I've learned to distrust the compnay.
night crew will 100% get your order wrong, just eat sleep for dinner and wait for day crew to treat you right.
"EDIT: Recently this McDonald's had been improving a lot, especial when compared to other McDonald's in the area (maybe the one on North part of W. Parmer, but not really fair comparison, I mean That one has a god-damn waterfall....). Keep up the good work! +1 Star

OLD: They took out all the power outlets and a table was just left broken covered with caution tape. Always understaffed and you can tell the owners are sucking this place for every penny without putting anything back in. Gives family owned McDonald's a bad name."
Good place
"Look, it is good food for the money. It is fast food people, but I will rather go to McDonald's than all the other fast food burger places. Fries are off the chain everytime, honestly.
Craving one as we speak!"
I had a 5 star before. But his time i bougght a southwest saldad with crispy chicken and when i reached home there was no chicken at all in my salad. Tried to call back and no one answer the phone
Meh! It's McDonald's what can I say you get what you pay for. Don't expect the place to be clean or the employees to be over the moon with courtesy. Like I said you get what you pay for. This is not a bad review it's just a Meh review because it's McDonalds. It's not like you're eating at a five-star Resort and getting a massage afterwards. However if McDonald's does decide one of these days to start serving alcohol I might have to pay it another visit. I don't go to McDonald's often. I only stopped in out of convenience. Like I said this is not a bad review to disrespect McDonald's in any way.
Back to no breakfast all day. Breakfast is the only thing edible at this place.
Understand McDonald's is under construction but it is doing well with its Service as it's going right now I still recommend going to McDonald's is still fast service and still great awesome food and the kids love it still so as soon as they're done with the remodeling as soon as they are they are they're all right all day all ready to go back to work I recommend this in my community and Community sure does love this and Leander Texas
Live nearby and this is our choice McDonald's compared to others in close distance. I gotta say though that the last order of fries I got really were so yucky I chewed on 2 and didnt eat the rest. They tasted over cooked or double cooked. Something made them rubbery and inedible to me.
"13749 UsHy183
Terrible drive way service . Our order all wrong .Missing 1 sandwich .They tried to give us 5 large coffee for 2 people .Over charge us . ???"
Dave giving me the wrong Burger two times in a row now sometimes I work till 1:00 in the morning and all I want to do is eat something so I can go home and go to sleep the sheer unnecessaryness of McDonald's saying what else what else what else is annoyingmultiple enough but to get my burger wrong times
Always have had a positive experience.  Arthur who took my order was beyond professional and friendly and made my last visit exceptional!  I will be back!
Went thru the drive thru, for breakfast. I like the Egg McMuffin meal, but that is about the only thing I'll eat off of their menu. My meal with a coke, ended up being wrong. They gave me a sausage biscuit and the coke was horrible. The line was so long, that I did not have time to wait, so I just threw it all away. I won't be coming back to this location.
The food was fresh, tasty and fabulous! Great service as well. Thank you!
I ordered from uber eats, I didnt get any of my sauces, ( i ordered a 40 piece nugget. 2 large fries and a spicy mcchicken,) my fries were ice cold, my sauces non existent, and the food was mediocre I LITERALLY live blocks away MAYBE 3 blocks MAYBE.I Called st least 3 tomes trying to speak to a manager and it rang so long it went to voice mail at least 3 times if not 4. Worst McDonald's i have ever been to.
Absolutely terrible. This McDonald's had a worker bleeding and throwing up all over the food and when my mother politely asked them what was taking so long (we were in the drive thru like for 20-30 MINUTES) we were bad mouthed by the manager. I'm so angry this is unacceptable
Hit and miss on getting my order right.  They are always quick to get the food out and it's generally hot and fresh.  What they lack in accuracy they seem to focus on in speed of service.
I went to this store last night (Oct 28) and one of the managers visible from the drive thru window wasnt wearing his mask. Very unsafe
First off it took forever to get my food over 20 minutes of sitting in line. Then once I got home I realized my nuggets were old/ not even dropped into the fryer a second time ha to re heat them ha.  Also I was missing half my meal.
Every time I go here they are always missing food items or getting my order incorrect! Their employees including the gm has a terrible attitude and it shows.
No worries about the time difference between us and I just asking you about the fact you have any idea what
This store has a friendly smiling staff. It is clean. And most of the time the orders are correct and when they aren't the management makes it right. Convenient, easy, quick.
mess up my order made them redo it and they still mess up the order and then something was done to order cause I ended up getting food posiening from the order and do food my mom
This has got to be the cleanest and friendliest McDonald's That we have ever been to. The service was fast and friendly. I highly recommend this fast food restaurant at this location.
Everytime i go there i order the same thing and this has been a routine of mines for four years i get two egg and cheese mcgriddle large fries and a large sweet tea and every time they put meat on my mcgriddle when i clearly don't ask for any, other then that they are good and fast
I just enjoy their all day breakfast! And yes Senoirs recieve a coffee discount..must ask! Mcmuffins  are always HOT! GREAT SERVICE..CLEAN ENVIRONMENT...BON APPITET
The wait time was not good, my fries was warm, and my order was wrong. I didn't feel like waiting another 15 minutes for some hot fries and revised order.
It's always good to get some food fast going through the drive-thur. I was in and out in less than 5 mins.
"Couldn't get a order right. When I got home they had the burgers all wrong. Tried to call and for a hour and a half they never answered
Was really disappointed !"
I've came to this location on 3 different occasions. All three times I had to wait at least 10 minutes to get my food. I'm never coming here again.
Just came from the Lake Creek  Festival location! I will not go there again! They continue too mess up my order ! I took back the order and the  Manager was rude!
Staff is great      except for the Fat m
When ice cream wasn't available I asked for 2 apple pies, I got 2 cherry pies...I don't eat cherry so that was useless
"As part of Lake Creek Festival Mall review McDonald's is featured as a member of the Mall and as Contributing Member of Our Anderson Mill Community.

Peace  ½"
The girls on the weekday morning shift ptovide the fastest drive thru service in the world!  And the order us always accurate. They can serve almost a dozen vehicles in the time it takes Whataburger to serve one.
"Why is it everytime going to a McDonalds  they get ur order wrong?
Not once
But all the Fxxxing time excuse my french
Then on top they dont like u cause u ask for special request
What is the point of wanting something to eat if u cannt have like u want it
I guess we all forgatten who really we are working for
The customer"
The worst customer service I   ve ever experienced at any McD.  Because I had a small stack of napkins Eduardo t
There service was good, but don't order a med water they charge.I ask and she said anything bigger than a small they do charge,  well all they had to do is tell me before I pay and give me a choice!
Not a big deal but the guy at the window on drive through said there were more then 3 NBA sauces in the bag I said ok and went home. Got home and there was nothing in the bag. Just double check everything even of they say it there. Probably wont go back to that location again....
Does anyone ever expect to go there for the awesome food and beyond superior customer service? Nope. It's the only place with a decent sausage biscuit without having to drive to Carl JR's in cedar park.
Had a stellar McD's Quarter Pounder w/ Cheese & Fries. Yes, really! Delicious, hot, and so good!
Go everyday for my morning breakfast before work. Staff is nice and if I ever had a error with my to go order the manager has made it right.
Go here for their drinks all the time. Only complaint they need to empty their drive through trash can more often otherwise the service is amazing.
Nice customer service here. My kids happy meal was perfect
Still the best unhealthy cheapest breakfast in town. The $1 coffee is a steal. And yes, we all deserve a break every once in a while.
It was McDonald'sy. Quick service. Friendly staff. Food was just like it is at McDonalds. Guilty pleasures galore...
"Good location, friendly staff and food seemed well prepared compared to other locations.
I went during overnight hours and still was well attended."
Staff has changed and service isn't great.
Ordered a Happy Meal, Large Fries, and Large Coke at the drive thru. Didn't get my receipt or change, large Sprite and no straw.
Decent for junk food, but each extra packet of your desired sauce costs an extra $.25. Good and quick staff.
The last two times I went to this location the burgers were barely even warm when they were handed to me. I had to take them back because they were cool to the touch.
"THESE PEOPLE.. SO I ORDERED A HAPPY MEAL. MEANS YOU GET THE BOX  NOT A BAG. THEY ALWAYS GIVE ME THE BAGS. SO ONE DAY I SAW 4 ROWS OF BOXES. ASKED THEM FOR THE BOX AND THE PEOPLE MAGICALLY COULDN'T TALK. I CALLED CORPORATE. THE MANGER WRITES ME AN EMAIL SAYING THEY RAN OUT.
REALLY?? RALLY??? IF I COULD GIVE THIS PLACE NEGATIVE ZERO STARS I WOULD."
The assistant manager dude is very rude! He should be fired!  Not very good customer service. Yogurt parfait not filled even  ½
Typically love going here, hate that I ordered a medium and got a small instead this morning. Even asked her if she was sure that was a medium and she said yes.
Clean and order was correct. Crowded inside and no place to sit - tables were not to be used.
Quick service and clean store. You can't dine in, but you can order inside.
Decent fast food, order occasionally messed up, good prices
Hadn't been to McDonald's in a couple years it was better    THAN thought it was gonna beDidn't have a choice
Its ice cream cone is the best part of this branch
Completely ignored me when I was waiting for them to take my order at the register.
Average service and wait time. Food is usually hot! No complaints.
Kiosk is a joke. Takes longer using it than just ordering at the counter. Young lady behind the counter obviously did not want to be at work. She wasn ½
You guys messed up my order wish you would have told me you had apple pay i wasted twenty mins of my life to get my coffee and you put 3 creams instead of 3 sugars I hate you forever now lol
Always fast and friendly service. Clean inside also. One of the best I've been to in past years. Also close to where I live
Our order was wildly messed up and it took them two times to fix it, but they did it with a great attitude and smile.
Ordered a Big Mac. Got three pieces of bun, hamburger meat, and one slice of cheese. Whoever did that is just lazy. Come on. It ½ï
Standard food and service. It was quick and efficient. The outside parking lot and drive-thru area was dirty and grungy.
This McDonald's is well-managed with friendly staff. I never have an issue going here unlike some other locations.
If I could give this place a 0 star, I would. The workers are extremely rude
Chicken nuggets we're burnt and there was no salt on my fries. Quite disappointed.
Love the fact that they allow dining in now.
Only drive thru open, didn't want to eat in the car so didn't order anything
Very slow drive thru.  Person at window where you pay was very nice however, the lady at 2nd window didn't even smile.
Fast service, clean bathroom, the lady was very nice and helpful. I didn't wait long for my food.
Drive thru is almost always busy but I never have to wait very long. Employees are sweet too.
Great place and great food served nice and warm on time.
Try to rush you while taking orders and not ringing order correctly.
Horrible experience. They switched ordertakers halfway thru, got order wrong, over charged me, and still havent heard from anyone like i requested.
great service theres no play area and the food taste like...mcdonalds like a regular one very pecefull area
Employees don   t know there product. Was given something that could have put me in the hospital which 
Requested freshly brewed coffee. Was told there'd be a small wait & I gladly waited! Only to be served a HOT CUP OF SLUDGE 
Absolutely HATE coming here. Slow service, argumentative cashiers, abscent management, and generally an eff you attitude. But it's close and cheap. So meh... It'll make a turd.
Never had any issues inside, always had amazing service and friendly staff ï¿½ï
Only issue is the sweet tea is never sweet or it just tastes like water other than that everything is good
Missing food, used mobile app no way to get refund for missing items in app
Don't go here, don't go here, don't go here.  This place is just a mess to keep it short.  Avoid the hastle
The customer in the drive thru was soooooo racist and he did not talked to us he was mean and ignored us.  He was in the first window in Saturday 30 2019 at 10:15 pm.  ½ï¿½ï
DO YOU GUYS EVEN CHECK YOUR UBER EATS ORDERS??? WATING ON AN ORDER FOR 35 MIN ONLY TO HAVE IT CANCELLED. Order 0de77
Worst driver  thru ever missing items then the lady attitude was awe full !! Never coming back!!
Quick and convenient... Fast food is fast food. Great if quality is expected to be mediocre
This is one of the better McDonald's locations in Austin. They often have special prices and deals not seen at other locations.
They can 
There food is always cold!!! When you ask for fresh  Fries they gife you the same fries  
Even though it is one of the smaller McDonalds, the service is one of the best. Very friendly staff. And location is perfect.
This is by far one of the best McDs I have been to. Clean store, friendly service and quality of food.
Worst McDonald's. ever when to pick up an order and the drivethru employee was in a terrible mood, was very unrespectful.
Not bad not great but almost always open
Some people here don't like to protect others because they don't fully cover their nose and mouth with the masks!
Milkshake machine not working againï¿½ï
Chicken sandwiches just lazily thrown together.  Looks really sloppy.  Have to take apart and line it all up and spread out the veggies.  Your typical McDonald's.
Totally blew my order which was not only wrong, but cold as well.
Everytime even just for 1 item you will spend 10 min in drive thru and still wait another 10 just for your damn order
Food was cold. Taste like it had sat there for a while.  Very disappointed  
Not open 24 hours. Only the drive-thru. Dining room actually closes very early at 10pm. Pretty dirty location too.
I had great experience the manager Michelle was wonderful every friday midnight she is always friendly and fresh food.
Food was a little cool. Big Mac was dry and lacking ..i like my McDonalds fresh and hot !!
Alma does not fit the proper image or the standards of a manager.  From hickey's to over excessive make up and unprofessionalism
Quick and ordera always come out right
Doing through the drive thru is super fast.  90 seconds or less from order to food in hand!
Just got back from extremely long drive through. Cold fries and dry old nuggets. Whataburger is around the corner.
Dining room still closed, but they   ve 
They had 2 for 4$ McGriddles at the time, what ½ï¿
Had to wait 13 minutes for a sausage biscuit managers real rude ignoras at the front counter had to talk to her in Spanish for her to understand what I was talking about very poor service
this place has been smelling like a ports potty blew up inside. it's really nasty. food was cold and dry. this location doesn't seem to care.
Delicious and fast and made correct!
Good for fast food and they were fast
Fast service, nice folks. I eat there often.
Just got my food I got a number 2 lg I go to eat the burger and it was so pink in the middle fries were cold not a great experience
Very pleasant staff...always friendly! Prompt service and always hot fries!  
"Poor experience every single time, there's always something wrong one of their machines, ice cream, coffee makers, ..etc
Poor management ."
Only compaint is they didnt have restrooms open to public for a short time.
Consistently a good McDonalds! Food is always hot and they're fast!
Terrible service, starred at the cashier for 5 min with no response. Decided to just go to whataburger next door
"Kept calling you forgot my fries in my order and the sauces for the 20 piece nuggets.
answer your phone. I'm coming back to get my money or fries."
Even though someone in front of us was yelling at them they were still fast and great people!
They need to stop hiring so many   Spanish  ppl makes me Donald's look trashy & cheap.&  ½ï¿½ï
Excellent breakfast sandwiches and Carmel frappes
"It would be okay if I could communicate with the people that work there
I suppose I am suppose to learn Spanish"
ALOT smaller inside after the remodel but staff is also ALOT friendlier than they used to be too
Fast and friendly service clean bathrooms although ice cream  machine is always broken
No line. Ordered a sweet tea. It was a lil weak.
This McDonalds gets a minus 10 from me.  The people plus the manager should all be fired.  They are VERY rude and the service is terrible. Sue
Ordered iced tea and got what tasted like water that was used to clean the coffee pot.  Yuck.
It has been many years since I have gone into McDonald's, and this time was no different, I was there to drop off my Redbox rental.
Ordered the 2 filet-o-fish for $5 , and they were barely hot.
Bussin 10/10 must try again
"It could be so much more.

So much potential.

Such a great location.

Too bad their ingredients are so disgusting."
Dine in is temporarily closed here we have only take out option...
Drive thru very slow, stop bye after work took about 20 minutes to get food and that's at 12:30 am .
Service was outstanding food is filling extremely tasty.
It's McDonald's. I like getting breakfast here it tastes okay and is super convenient and fairly cheap.
Breakfast steak egg bagel awesome! Loved it! Coffee great to.
One of the people didn't day have a goodnight and the fries were Lowkey bad lmao
You have to be more careful and packing up the food through the drive-thru
McDonald's is McDonald's what great thing's happen here the same menu forever
Nice friendly people got special order right 1st try.
One refill per visit, no ice cream ever, the crew employees are professional though
Order was wrong, French fries were cold and too salty, milk shake was melted
Usually they they have the best coffee but yesterday it was watery and not that good
Great employee's and food was fresh.
Very hard working people with absolute patience and service and good products.
Wow what a great way to get the kids together and have a great weekend as well as the rest of the week!
Very fast and efficient. Will make fresh food
Great
This McD is just as bad as the W Parmer/McNeil location. The customer service here is lacking.
Not as fast as you'd like sometimes but still. And cheaper than some of the other McDonald's around.
waited an hour to order with 6 cars
My order is most always incorrect from here when ordering from grub hub
Great.. fast and friendly service Everytime I come...
That was the most dry and burnt burger I've ever had. Incompetent employees.
Slow, ice cream machine always down, doesn 
Fries tasted like they were cooked in grease from 1946, nuggets horrible, ranch was old
Happy meal had molded breed and that corner is more than  obvious
Very bad service!!
Just isn't good food. Supersize Me just turned me off the whole chain.
My grandchildren enjoy coming here.The staff is children friendly.
Always good food.
They made my buger right
First time in McDonalds listening to mexican music and felt like a street taqueria in Tijuana.....eating a burger.
Why would you have someone work the cash register and take orders who doesn't speak or understand English, especially at lunch time?
Good
Fast and hot food.  I avoid other McDonalds and go here even if out of my way.
They put mayo on my sandwich after I told them that I was allergic and they blamed me for not stressing the severity of it ...
The fries are the best. Please bring back the Hi-c!
No pride in their service any more...
Its one of the faster and more accurate McDonald's I've been to.
Best burgers anywhere. That Honduran beef is the most flavorful
Always good fast service and hot food
If i could give negative stars i would this location is awful and who locks the doors during business hours with customers in the store?
Very clean very neat very friendly staff and very hot food!
Nothing's better than a big mac and fries after work.
Completely average; unclean, cheap, cool but occasionally absentminded staff.
Unfortunately the owners of this location don't have comprehension of legal vs illegal immigration and closed today, 16FEB2017 with the idea they are somehow helping...
Clean place good music on sound system close to discount movies
As always, bleh food, but great bathrooms.
They are good on certain days
a good place getting ready to remodel sovservice is slow
Literally ½ï¿½ï
The dining is NOT 24hrs, only the drive thru is
Consistent quality products..remodeled store!
It's McDonald's.. fast service with a tummy ache later
Found a piece of gum in my food! Will never come here again
Asked me to leave saying my dog was not allowed on their outdoor patio
The 1st McDonald's I have been to in one year that is as clean as  Whistle
Sometimes you don't get your order right
Great customer service from the drive through
4 they wouldn't allow my service dog in
Clean restaurant and fast service. Ok food.
Decently run location, ice cream machine seems to be broken all the time.
Fast service using drive through
Bad service.  Took forever to get the food.
The facility was clean and the food was great.
They forgot the side in the kids meal, and noone will answer the phone.
Food is always cold...and the people behind the counter are rude...
Fast drive thru service love it
Junk fast food never good for you..
Only taking cash and I sat in the drive thru for over 30 minutes.
Its McDonald's. Services was okay. Chicken patties are small
Service good time visiting with family ****** wonderful
Solid McDonalds. I go here a lot and never had an issue
Weird location but the food is okay.
Good food, especially late
Super fast drive thru
Burger is stale
It's a little sketchy, there is a small encampment nearby
Fresh and hot, can't ask for more than that
All employees should be fired and re hire non idiots
Always a nice quick meal or snack...
McMuffins ! Fast breakfast that sticks with you  
Cheaper than other McDonald's in the area
Fries were stale and customer service was poor
Friendly staff, quick service and clean.
Manager was rude.. staff is very unprofessional
Yummy.
Great service and fast food
They don ½
It's great for a quick meal
Faster than others
My favorite spot  
Just gross.  I want to throw up but can't.
Best and fastest drive through in the morning
They are fast and the order is correct.
Good food, inexpensive prices.
Had my breakfast chicken sandwich delievered with a smile.
Not really a McDonald's fan but the locations good
Great food,  chicken nuggets are awesome
Fairly quick food service.
Good sausage egg and cheese biscuit.
It's  Micky ds, what do you expect?
Very good
Sees like it's been sitting under a heating lamp. Eh.
Friendly service and clean restrooms.
Takes 30 minutes to go through the damn drive through
Good food as always... MURIKA!!!
They always forget something smh
Beautiful fast customer service.
Great management. Fast and Accurate!
Food is gross but it's cheap
My mother loves the pancakes !
Customer service needs a lot of work.
Love them French fries
Always good fast service
Bad attitude from the people over there
As good as you can expect!
Love their breakfast sandwich
It's McDonald's. That's it. There's a kiosk in the front, so yeah.
Tasty! Excellent customer service!
Great place clean rooms
Great service everyone was sweet
Great service.
Fast service and friendly staff
Fast accurate and hot food.
It's McDonald's.  Like every other McDonald's. No more, no less.
Place was not clean..tables or floor
Take forever and something is always not working
This store is always so cold
Clean,  friendly. And best service
It's what you expect from a McDonalds.
Excellent Drummer
Fast drive thru service.  Food by McDonald's
No play place. Long wait times.
Service Is awful, employees are rude.
Fast fresh friendly
Order was wrong an overcharged me.
Never have the milkshake machine operating
My son loves the fries
Order not right, cleanliness  b+
Get my food wrong like half the time
Very nice service.
Great food it was amazing
Kids....no need to say more.
One of our favorites
Nice experience works fine
Fast drive thru service
Dipped cones on a hot day!
The employees seem  
Good food and good service
Staff is kind
Good food and good service
Good se
Yas self serve kiosks!
My food was cold
Its McDonald's, what do you expect?
Dirty front area, lots of flies..
Very bad chicken burgers
Fresh food. Surprisingly.  
Good food
Fast food
Excellent
Eh.. is all I got sadly
Dirty bathrooms, overall lackluster...
It's a McDonald's... you know what you are getting.
It's about the same as most McDonald's.
Hot fresh fish sandwiches
Golden arches are becoming tarnished
Quick service
Always long lines...
Great customer service
It's McDonald's what don't we know
Terrible over the phone experience.
It's McDonald's food what else can I say?
Food hot
Buns were stale.
Very nice
Consistent across the brand
No wraps available
They were quick
Great outdoor atmosphere
Good environment and clean
The food was horrible!
Free ice cream with the app
Pretty darn good
great service and quick
McDonald's as you would expect it to be.
Free refills on soda.
Good
clean
Nice place to eat
Very busy
Ok
Breakfast was nice
Slow
Great service
It's McDonald's what else can I say
Forgot my nuggets
Fast food delivery
Quick
Nice staff.
Fast.
Love this location!
It was ok
Fast.
Wish they smiled...
Food was cold
Fast cheap eats.
Good service  
So. Really slow.
People were friendly
Fast and friendly
Not the same as it use to be
Love the oatmeal.
Everything was great
Service  was good
Loving it
Just like McDonald's
Nice
Mid
Great service
It's a burger place.
It was just McDonald's.
Gross.
Its McDonald's, it's boring
Tasty as usual
Ok
Ok
Ok
Great service
Goood good good
Yummy
Bad for you
Yummy
Clean and friendly
Always good
Horrible service
Really slow
Ok
Friendly staff
Ok
Good
Bad service
Good for a McDonalds
Fast and easy
Good service
Good
Awful
Haha never
fast and cheap
Rude
so lit was dank
My gbaby PLACE
Ok its McDonald's!!
Rude employees
Food
Average
decent breakfast
Okay
Friendly
HORRIBLE
It was mcds.
Okay
What you think
Norm
It's Mc Donald's
American icon 
Fast food fast
Bad staff
Excellent!!
As expected
It's McDonald's.
It's McDonald's.
Its McDonald's...
Consistency
Awesomeness
It was McDonald's
Breakfast baby
It's MacDonald's
alls i gotta say...no no no yes
Terrible service!!! they don't give you everything you asked for and apart from their ineptitude they get upset because you go for what you paid for the net if they don't want to work don't go!!! Do not waste time and review the orders well before delivering them
It is a good place for one to eat something quick and simple
Excellent burger place!!! They offer you very good service and are very friendly and offer you all the help they can. And the place is nice and very clean!!!
If you think about your health, not so much...  ½ï
This week I went twice for coffee I ask for it with cream and sugar and it came to work and the coffee without sugar what a courage
Excellent
Excellent place and excellent staff
You can buy food and eat. Very tasty hot chocolate here.
all ok
Very good attention and they speak Spanish
ýýýý gýýýýýýý his fýýýýýýýý ýýýýýýýýýý ýýýýýýýýýý ýýýýýýýýýý
There is always a McDonald's on my way I like
It's really bad, there's nothing
Good customer service, impeccable...
Excellent service, I recommend
Dollar menu, chicken burgers and normal very tasty..
To kill hunger at any time
Excellent atention
Excellent place! careful attention!
Salad, very good and fast.
neat. Promptness and care. Good
I love macchiken
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good service
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
made mistakes with orders.
Excellent 
very good burgers
Poor 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Poor 
waiting time was too long
disappointing 
Speed
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
more or less
I love
Renovated
ýýýý ýýý
Poor 
excellent care
Excellent 
They are fast
Regular
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
The staff was disorganized and confused,
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Poor 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Poor 
Poor 
Excellent 
Good 
Poor 
Good 
Neutral
Poor 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
ugly burgers
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
 staff was rude and dismissive
Neutral
Excellent 
Poor 
Neutral
 waiting time was longer than expected
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Poor 
Excellent 
Neutral
Poor 
Neutral
Excellent 
Poor 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Poor 
Poor 
Excellent 
Neutral
 waiting time was longer than expected
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Not good
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
sad
Neutral
Neutral
sad
Excellent 
bad
Good 
Excellent 
unmotivated staff 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Bad
Good 
Poor 
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Bad
Bad
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Good 
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Bad
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Poor 
Neutral
Poor 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Bad
Neutral
Excellent 
Bad
Bad
Good 
Poor 
Horrible customer service! Ordered 2 large fries. They had so much salt on them they were inedible! had to be thrown out . There was even salt on my front car seat! Looked like employee dumped an entire box of salt on them! I live 15 miles away. Took pictures to show manager "Bridgit" next time I returned.  She would not make good! Zero stars!
Not only did my whole family and I wait on the drive through line for more than 20min but the fact that my burger came in a weird ate out way and the fries were salty soggy, and disgusting. NEVER again will I spend my money here with this type of food and service during the night hours.
"Not worth the effort to get in and out of construction to wait for old food.
Only went there twice. The food is never fresh.  Chicken sandwich was shriveled and dry like it had been sitting for hours after being over cooked to begin with. There was a small drop of mayo on it and the bun was stale. First time I figured was a one off but the second time I ordered 20 nuggets and fries and a milkshake.  They didn't give a receipt then told me to go park to wait for the food to be ready.  There were no spots open that I could access and the cashier just said 'do whatever' and walked away.  I waited for the car in front of me to move so I could pull around the building and get into a spot but asked first about my shake.  She said they'll bring it.  Waited a few min honestly not long but then they forgot my milkshake and asked me very curtly 'well do you have a receipt? ' clearly not.  Eventually they brought out the shake but fries were old and cold and the shake was melted."
"I used the drive thru today.
It was quick.
Free off street parking lot.
Building was clean and well maintained.
To pay the clerk put the card reader outside so I could put my own card in the machine.
Safe I guess?
Food was typical McDonald's food. Good
Warm. Not Hot.
Had #9 Large with a Diet Coke.
2 Cheeseburgers and FF
And a LG Soda."
No one cares about walk-ins anymore. Staff only give all of their attention to the drive-through. Can't even dine in anymore. My kids had to wait nearly 5 min just to ask for ketchup. Everyone was in the back and by the drive-through window.
"Brodheadsville, Pa.

Last time this location forgot my wife   s soda. I   m disabled and can   t stand long so I take advantage of the curbside delivery through the app. They don   t have salads anymor"
Ordered early with a mobile app to have waited for 30 minutes for a breakfast sandwich. I was on a 15 minute work break . Enough said. Incompetent staff built by children. Neglected store with absolutely neglected issues. My soda didn't even have flavor in it.
Location was clean and modern. Staff were frienldy and efficient. What stood out here the most was the quality of the food preparation. It was almost as if I made it myself and it tasted great. Prices were good too. Highly recommend.
awful service fries were cold cheese burger was cold and now they charge for honey mustard. don ½ï
My food sucked. My french fries were cold and only half full. Not to mention that they charged me 25 dollars and had to wait 20 minutes. What rip off.
Food came out at different times for a dine in. Then it was wrong sandwich like usual for a McDonald's. But what put this over the top was the employee's. 1 female worker came out screaming somebody stole $200 from her purse, then the manager acted like  she wasn't even there. Extremely wrong way to act or even pose as a manager. Then the Boyfriend came in of the victim employee and they called the cops on him because he demanded his girlfriend money to be rightfully returned. Meanwhile 2 other employee's stated that they had money stolen from the as well over the last few weeks. Definitely not a well run establishment or managed. I'd highly recommend not eating inside this place. And keep yourself locked in your car. You might get robbed by an employee.
They looked so gross from the start. They weren't even warm. They taste just as bad as they look. I also got a quarter pounder. Cheese is half on and half off the sandwich. The only good thing was the fries.
"Curbside is unavailable for all hours.
McDonald's app freezes in order screen frequently at this particular location...,I have great service with AT&t and new phones so I don't think it's on my end.
I have had multiple issues with old orders trying to reprocess old orderss here ,& leading to wrong food being ready at the window staff more interested in proving to me that what came through from the app was what they prepared. 4 chicken nuggets for three people. Is not adequate. They did not offer to even take a new order. I left with NO food"
Children make bad employees and simple tasks like filling the fries all the way up don't happen and salt isn't added.
Awful service ignored for over 5 minutes.  When we asked if someone would wait on us, we were ignored. To busy talking with each other
"It was terrible...again. This location just can't get things right or serve anything decent. The sandwich pictured was supposed to be a double quarter pounder w/ cheese.
Only one dried out, overdone and broken patty with cheese barely on the burger. I attempted to call...phone just rings and rings and then goes to fax noise."
Dirty windows, long wait for person to take order & got sick shortly after eating. Worst McDonalds I ½ï¿½ï¿
"My go to McDonald's     The staff is always polite and I will keep coming back!

Well tonight sucked, 25min wait in a spot for my food to come out:( I'll be"
The food was cold. Had to ask for cups that came with our meals. Won't be going back
Very clean place. Pleasant to be there. I noticed that meat quality could be better.
"Orders were shorted 2 times in a row.
Given issues prior times on proof meals were ordered. Sad state of affairs."
Horrible customer service. Came here for breakfast and the employees are angry/rude and hate their job. They were annoyed the moment they asked me what my order was. I regret coming here and never will again. They forgot to give me my hash browns and were so upset and angry when I told them they forgot and they even denied it. Food was cold. Horrible experience.
Very clean and polite people here. They did mix up my pie order but was refunded .
Fast and always get the orders right. All you can ask for.
It's not the best like it was 2 years ago but not as bad as it has been in the past.   They have to work out the mobile app ordering. They lose orders plus app says they're out of food.
Sorry to rate you a two but just 12 years ago you would of been rated a five. You changed your fries and they are thinner and not as good and when you got a spicy chicken sandwich it was a spicy patty and came with lettuce and tomato now it is a crispy chicken patty with spicy sauce and pickles where is the lettuce and tomato oh you have to order a deluxe.  You are getting cheaper with the food and the prices go up. Not pleased very disappointed.
I was glad to hear McDonald's lowered their coffee & frappe prices & they were having a special sale. I had to repeat a simple two step iced coffee order SEVERAL times. The drive thru worker was distraught as I gave back 1st one made wrong. Another employee finished order, by running out to car. I questioned the workers about the cost & size of my drink (all 3 said it was med size - turned out to be a SMALL) & they "got me" a few weeks ago on that. Girl who ran out order was ONLY ONE who acted professionally & provided great customer service. SADLY, the iced coffee prices are low because drink is so small, if they could charge a fair price they would have a new regular!  
$10 for breakfast???? Never again!! I'll make my own at home!! Ordered #2 Sausage McMuffin with egg, 2 hash browns, small coffee. Requested 2 creamers and 6 sugars on the side. What I get?? Cream and sugar already mixed in. Guess they don't pay attention to what they're hearing over the headsets.
If I could give this place a ZERO I would!!! Nasty employees, no type of customer service!!!! They need to revamp their managerial team!!!!!!
"We grab late night on occasion Fries always hot and and fresh.
Maybe we are just lucky.
Could be a little warmer inside."
Manager went out of her way during a rush to get apple pies in and out for my kids, exception service.
Drive thru experience was bad, they got our order wrong or gave our order to someone else.  When I addressed this after waiting for over 10 minutes they said,    yeah we ½ï
Normally food is good.this morning had to go to a funeral early. We got an order of pancakes (cold), 4 egg McMuffins, had sausage inside, 2 sausage and cheese cold. 2 cold light, got 1 black the other no sugar. Got to the window was told move up. Waited 15 minutes for food was told by the person you are being served by a maintenance man enjoy.
We had a issue with a missing item on our previous order, When we went back to the Store- the Manager Lucas took care of it and was very polite and provided the best customer service. If you have an issue ask for Lucas, he is a good Manager . Thank you
Went through the drive through went fairly quick. Order was correct. No napkins, didn't ask if we wanted ketchup or any condiments when given our food. Chicken nuggets were barely warm and a little bitter due to oil needing to be changed. The guy that took our order did as what dipping sauce we wanted though!!! Bun for the Quarter Pounder was stale and loaded with a lot of big, thick onions!!! Had to throw most of onions away!!! Average experience nothing to brag about though!!!
The food was barely warm. The cheese was cold and hard. They threw my bag of food up on the counter. What a dysfunctional restaurant.
Worst McDonald's I have ever been to. Staff was rude and disinterested and playing around with each other and getting drinks and walking around outside while customers waited forever for food. All booths were dirty and the chicken nuggets were exceptionally inedible. Almost like they were dropped in oil twice to be reheated. I had to give a star to write a review otherwise they would've gotten a zero.
They're pretty good at not forgetting any items but thr other day they forgot my large fries and got charged for it.  To the wonderful woman during the early shift in  window 2 Thank you for always being so attentive and friendly,  you rock!  
They can't even make a sandwich the way that should be all ways missing something or just a big mess
Not my    go to    fast food place to eat but it   s on the way home so why not. I   ve been to this McDonald ½ï
"Order was total wrong,pancakes cold, bacon raw and cold, coffee black, 4 egg mcmuffins wrong, cold.
The person at the drive-thru was rude, at 6:30 am there is no need to curse. We were told to move forward the food wasn't done. We waited 20 minutes for pancakes, 4 egg mcmuffins, 2 sausage mcmuffins 2coffees nasty 2 orange juice warm. When we got our food it was brought to us by the maintenance man."
DON'T trust this location. They charged $41 on my card when I bought ONE item in the drive-thru. Manager was rude and short when I tried to disputed it after seeing the charge and would not help. In addition, quality of the food has been sub par on other visits, usually lukewarm, with fries that had obviously sat for a long time. Go elsewhere, there are other fast food locations close by.
This McDonalds sucks. From the moment we walked in before saying anything the lady at the counter had a bad attitude and rushed our order. Then we got it and they forgot our hash browns and coffee. I told them that they were missing items but then the lady insisted and had to look through our bags, then a lady shouted to me  ½
Fine service.  Gave me the wrong meal.
Well i order a crispy chicken sandwich small fry and a coke. Normally I look in the bag this time I just reached in for a fry. When I get home I find 10 piece nugget two BBQ sauces and a double cheese burger. I was to far to go back so I ate 5 nuggets and half the burger. Check your food people I was very disappointed but my dogs were thrilled.
"Wait for a bit for 2 Double cheeseburgers     ½
I didn't Waste my time letting the CHILDREN know they can't count.  2 singles I drove away with were a d"
Ordered quite a bit of food. Never got the order, we ordered. Asked several times for them to check it, they said they did! Came home and found they forgot at least 2 main items. No napkins and forgot straw for drink. Oh yeah, lid on drink was not on properly.  Very upset     by the entire
Updated 6/27/22. This place went downhill fast.  New mgr left and people there now don't care. Food is badly made. Original review from 2020: New manager runs a nice shop!  Much different than before.  Employees actually want to work and help customers.  Definitely improved.
Unfortunately McDonald's prices aren't worth the food you get.
The price of the breakfast here is very ridiculous. $9.00 for a hash brown, sausage egg and cheese mcmuffin, and a small orange. Never again.ï¿½ï
Haven't ate McDonald's in 3 years, got a breakfast sandwich and I must say thanks for switching the egg and the crispy bacon, they listened to me and did what I wanted! I'm impressed.
Utterly DISGUSTING! Fix your septic. Someone needs to call the health department on them. You wait in the drive through and it smells like raw sewage. Nasty!
Went for my rare self indulgent treat and was thoroughly disappointed. I used the Mobil app but still had to pay when I went to the window and was offered no reasonable explanation. Took twenty minutes for them to serve three cars. My order was incorrect, coke tasted way off and the sandwich looked like it was thrown in the box from across the room.
Salads are not sold there anymore and neither are grilled chicken sandwiches but I think that is common in many McDonald's now. I'm gluten free so a salad would have been nice for lunch today. Won't be going back there anytime soon.
Usually always good but today was a lil different. My girlfriend went thru the drive thru and ordered a 40 piece nuggets and only got a 4 piece. They never read back the order like the people alway did before. So there was no way to correct the mistake. Plus they didn ½ï
"I Honestly can not believe that I am going to give the McDonald's in Brodheadsville five/5 STARS!!!!
They deserve it they have proven it to us over and over again..  The New Manager (wish I knew her name) has taken this location from a zero/0 stars to getting a rating of Five/5 Stars and I know that it could not have been easy. I have picked up dinner her once a week for 8-9 weeks in a row and the FOOD has been great.  Thats a lot considering its a McDonald's. My food when I picked it up was always hot, all the food was there correctly. Everything was well made and put together.  You can tell the new manager has set the standards extremely high at this location and the employees have responded extremely well for her. She deserves a big hand for caring about her staff and customers.
Thank You for Caring.......
Great job!!   Well done!!!!!"
Prices are much high than other McDonalds in the area (Wind Gap). Soda always seems off, never tastes the same, or even good. A few of the employees are pleasant, but there are a few who are just rude.
Slowest place and folks do t care.
Great place to eat friendly staff
The most recent time was great! Fries were hot n crispy. I gave 4 stars instead of 5 because I'm still thinking about the Time before last, the fries were cold right out the gate.
Was able to get dinner in just under 9 minutes from the moment I entered the drive-thru line that was lined up almost to 209 to the moment I was pulling away from the window with my food. My order was accurate, warm, neat, and tasty. The staff were quite pleasant to deal with and very calm, despite the massive dinner rush.
Food was hot, prepared properly and delicious. The employees were all helpful and kind. Place was also very clean.
Always shake machine is down and order thr big breakfast meal that apparently doesnt come with pancakes. Worst service in the world.
This McDonald's in wind gap has a manager who cares about the customer and about placing a good product out for the customer. The staff there is always friendly and helpful. They also make sure you get your burger how you want it and stacked properly so you can eat it without a big mess in your hands and let's not forget about the hot fries. I have heard her tell her employees to make sure people get hot fries. Nobody does that except for her.  That's why this is the best McDonald's.
Waiting over 30 minutes for 3 kids meals
"Food was alright. Wasn't really hot and my husband's bagel was stale. But it was...ok. I guess.

The place was trashed. Not one clean table and garbage everywhere, yet we were the only ones in the place the whole time we ate and very few people were going through drive thru. There were two managers on...no one thought to clean? Can't blame it on being busy...

Cashier was new and a bit rude. We ordered three meals. She rang everything up separate but left off our hash browns. Manager made us pay to get our hash browns. Forget that it was all way more expensive cause of how she rang it up to begin with...then the cashier kept telling the manager in front of us that we never said we wanted meals, even though when I repeatedly told her we wanted meals she kept saying ""sure I can make that a meal for you.""

Completely unprofessional and we left feeling disgusted by the whole experience."
I went through the drive-through and ordered a double Mac meal. I received a single Mac meal And the food was cold. I drove away and call back and told  Them  my meal was wrong. The manager tells me on my next visit I will receive a complimentary order. NO how about giving me the right order or given me my money back. I gave this McDonald's the benefit of Benefit of the doubt is not my 1st Bad Experience in this McDonald's. But it will be my last as I will never visit this McDonald's again.
This McDonald's is the worst in my opinion.   Tonight they forgot the sauce, fries were stale as usual.   Called corporate a few times and they are nice but this McDonald's needs an overhaul on how they do busines . Each time I feel ripped off.
This morning after ordering and paying for my food, I waited over 5 minutes in line to get my meal. I was in a rush to get to an appointment so I decided to call to see what was the hold up. Needless to say, the manager Ashleigh that answered the phone was 1. Very rude and 2. She hung up on me after I asked her to have the car in front of me pull up so I can get my meal and leave. When I got to the window, she not only disrespected me but she cursed me out and yelled at me. That is NOT a form of respect especially to a customer and not only that, the ENTIRE staff was fooling around and not getting any of their work done. Very unprofessional and needless to say, I felt very disrespected and disgusted. I have NEVER been treated in such a more disgusting way than this team that was on today. Not only that, she had her little brother Jordan message a family member of mine to complain about my own family members. I didn   t know they wernprofessional. I don   t think I will be returning after this. I will gladly take my money and business t
1st let me apologize for butchering the spelling... but Jamizia has this place on lock! Been in twice recently and usually have a difficult order due to picky kids. Both times she made sure my order was perfect! An i still had my order by the time i was done getting drinks! Her management is on point! She was keeping the flow going, directing staff, and made sure all her guest were taken care of promptly! Highly recommend this location!
The people n place are great . It   s the same deals every day , d
"The parking availability is sufficient for customer volume.

I   m on the fence about this restaurant. I   ve had terrible service (cold food, old fries, wilted/brown vegetables, bad attitudes, etc.

That being said, I ½ï¿½ï"
Quick bit fare price come by
I don't know what happened to this place, took me 30 min to get food, then they only gave me half of it. Another 15 min wait, real bizarre behavior there... Idk
Nice, clean, and friendly. The cashier was knowledgeable and patient especially when people could not make up their minds on their food choices.  The food seems better than most McDonald's but not by much.
This place is unprofessional and has the worst managers there , all the staff is crazy expecially the managers they are so stupid and look dirty, actually all the staff in front looked dirty. I would never go there I heard the way the managers speak to the staff and I was a Mgr I would never speak to ppl like they do. Only one staff I think his name was Anthony was helpful all the rest were not
I ordered online,  paid..got the code, when I went to pick up the food the lady said they didn't get the order...so I said ok then i will order again...but she didn't want to accept my coupon. Not good experience.
Ehhh. Mcdonald really isnt something I do a lot, and last time it wasn't good. Fries were cold, burger sucked. Even my drink was wrong....so I wasnt happy with my last meal here.
"This is our hometown MCdonalds and between the wife, grandchildren and I we are here twice a week.  Like review I did on the Hamlin MCDonalds, I call this the older style and it's been [ainted over the years and they removed the small playyard it had.  People now are a afraid of ballpits and it was outside so it didn't get used over 6 months of the year.

There is ample seating, but I've seen more with more seating, but we've never been without finding a seat.  Everything is pretty clean and in good order. Walk-in orders are accurate and fast.  Drive in is fast and about 8 times out of 10 they will have it exact.  Some times they get it wrong, but like we say nobody's perfect.

Since it's right on Rt209 it's easy to get in and out of unless your traveling South on 209 then sometimes it's hard to pull out because there's KFC and Subway and an Ice Cream shop across the street so it's a busy little area in Brodheadsville.  Overall it's a nice facility."
"Somehow I always get overcharged here.
Aside from that.
Had one hamburger literally
One burger ketchup extra pickles patty bread no freaking mustard cuz mustard don't go on  hamburgers
Anyway I ate it just to go home and vomit It was horrible I was sick the whole rest of the day."
"I like McDonald   s, just not this McDonald   s. The drive thru is a 10 minute wait. Only maybe 4 cars waiting ahead of you. You pay at first window then you pull up to second window. They tell you to pull off to the side in that space and we will bring it to you. An 8 minute wait there.

When you get your food the Coke is flat and"
Slow service inside take out.for breakfast.. waited over 15 minutes for 2 coffee and a egg mcmuffin. Staff were not very sociable. And didn't explain what was taken so long for wait..been thru this bad service before ..but now I will not be going back
"I eat fast food maybe once a month. Have been to this McDonalds about a dozen times the past couple years, and literally every single time I've been there, they have screwed something up. These people can't even count FFS, as they gave me TWO crispy tenders in my four piece. It's mind-boggling.

Not to mention, they are ALWAYS out of at least one item I order, and the drive-thru involves pulling off and waiting for 10-15 minutes every single time, even if there is no one in the place. Complete and utter disgrace."
"Wind Gap, PA location was surprisingly better during COVID 19 because with the interior closed, the drive up was fast and serving fresh food.
The streamlined way allows  serving just the drive up and so, the kitchen staff cooks food for just one area. Probably saves on staff hours.
Just crave those FRIES once in awhile."
I don't believe they were busy when we came in and it was subpar... They should be cleaning the tables, sweeping the floor and putting ice in their soda machine.
Other than maybe a missing order, usually very nice place, but...I ordered a Quarter Pounder meal for my 8yr old child and she bit into raw meat  
If they took the grease off the burger it would be the 1/8pounder, but the grease soften the rock hard bun (must have been left over from 2016) and don't even get me started on the fries. If I wouldn't be arrested for assault I would have thrown it at them. Good thing I had the granddaughter with me
"My son and I come to this McDonald's about once a month. It's usually pretty clean here, with the exception of a dirty table now and then. That just means they didn't get out there yet! On this trip...our food was great, but there was this little chubby kid who was left st the table with his 2 way young siblings. He was loud and walking the baby and stressing me out! I have him the EVIL EYE!! Hahahaha anyway the food is always good here, bathrooms have always been pretty clean here too.
It's normally fairly quiet here and lots of high school kids in and out. Chubby kid just enhanced our visit!!"
Food was good  hot a d order was right staff was friendly
I always loved McDonald's fries,  but I definitely do not recommend their bacon cheese fries.  Running errands I was so hungry and went to the drive up window ordered the bacon cheese fries,  The Box is so inconvenient to try to get the fries out of without messing your hands up, the cheese was cold,  and there was so much gristle in the bacon.
Got the 20 peice mc chicken nuggets and a large fry. The nuggets we're fine, but the Fry's we're stale and that made me sad. The fries can be the best part of the meal. I know that I could have and should have returned them... But I didn't.
I will never eat at this mc donalds again...the fries were rock hard..i said no onions there was onions on everything and the nuggets were like chewing on tires...food here is trash!!!! Oh..and ask for honey mustard sauce...i get 2 ranch and 2 sweet and sour??
Order was simple. LG coffee, 2 egg bacon, cheese biscuits. Cashier didn't use my punch on my app. Plus I had to ask for my coffee, since I saw the pot was full but she never got it. By then sandwich was cold.
Went through the drive thru at around 12:30 after coming off a 16 hour shift. Ordered a Big Mac, med fry and a water. Got home and took one bite of the Big Mac, the bread absorbed so much grease that I had grease dripping from both of my hands. The grease from the burger had absorbed into the bread so much that I squeezed the bread and grease dripped from it. The frys were not at all fresh. I threw my meal in the trash where it belonged. Called the store and spoke with John. He apologized and took my name down and I will get a refund but it doesnt help my hunger NOW. Worst encounter with McDonalds ever. And this is why I dont eat there, I'll choose Burger King next time. The carelessness of the staff there really shows and the food they produced tonight was among the worst I have ever seen in the food industry.
"Ok so I went through the drive through. So as usual I checked to make sure everything was their. The past experience has tough me to do this. Nothing like getting home and surprise something is missing.
To my surprise $2.00 for a salad rotten lettuce and dried out carrots. The salad was dated tomorrow. It should have been thrown out, like I did two days. Had I seen it at the counter. I wouldn   t have bought it. Must be the tariff has kicked in on potatoes. The were very few fries. About a good size hand full.
What was with the 2 barbecue sauce in the bottom of the bag. These owner operates crying poverty all the way to "
Food was very fast, fresh, and hot.  The whole place was packed.  Very clean.  I was impressed.  I ordered and they called my number before I even walked over to get my drink .  I used the bathroom before I left and it was even clean.
Food order wrong and cold! This place is on a downward spiral. Used to love coming here because my order WAS hot when I got it and correct! My sister and I go on french fry dates and McDonald's fries are our favorite. Hard to find good McDonald's fries any more. #hatescoldfries
Always consistantly good food at a good price. I like the breakfast choices. The fries are the best of any fast food restaurant period. I've read articles, how they selectively choose and then sign contracts with potato farmers to insure the quality and taste is maintained throught all the locations. I wish they would deep fry the apple pies as they did years ago, they were the best when fried. Good service, always have the food choices in stock. clean seating area, kitchen, and bathrooms Enjoy.
They got 2 out or 3 wrong
Worst mcdonald's around.  Workers are rude and the orders are always wrong. And don't even think about complaining. Because they will get in your face and curse at you. Very unprofessional. Don't waste your time going there, food is cold, most of the time, or you're missing an item. Needs to be shut down.
Nice to sit inside after 2years. The tables didn't look sanitized after people had eaten  I could see grease and crumbs left behind  Also very disappointed they have no salads
By far the worst of the franchise. This location does not sell McDonald's recipes or guidelines. 2 times i made a u-turn for over salted fries that can't be eaten for the amount of salt put on them. The burgers are not built to McD recipes they appear slopped together and backwards. To top it off the packing is without care. They mix multiple orders in different bags where another petson has to dig food out of another bagto putmy meal together. This is serious ignorance, laziness and incompetence management to say the least! Need more prople to contact corporate about this location...
Evening shift gave us warm fresh food.Surroundings/parking lot was Very clean. To top it off we got a super great Window person.
According to both Google and the corporate website the drive thru at this location is 24 hours. I have gone there multiple times recently to find cars parked in the lot, lights on in the building, and the drive thru signs lit only to wait several minutes with no acknowledgment. I even pulled around to the window and honked and still received no response.
Staff was very courteous about the long wait. Management is responsible for the situation. Shouldn't have to wait 15 minutes for fast food at 8:40 am. Not the first time.
They are very polite, quick and the food is good.
The bun was dry, the fries weren't the same. I'll pass! But the Hi-C orange was good.
It's McDonald's for the love of God get the order right 1st of all 2nd of all put some napkins and utensils in the bag salt and pepper wouldn't kill you what apparently don't go to the drive-through because you orders not gonna get done right and egg mcmuffin should not look like to sources rig muffins then you go inside and it takes you another 20 minutes to get U dam order it's McDonald's for the love of God just pay attention I understand the pool that you have to pick from for help is very thin and limited
My Son works here, so of course customer service, and the cooking of food items is outstanding  
Who would ½
LOVE THE     FRIES! TYPICAL FAST FOOD DINE-
"Time for McDonald's to open their doors for indoor seating.
Pricing is getting out of hand as well.  Can go to red Robin for $5 more and sit down to eat."
This place is always so slow. Went through the drive-thru with only 3 cars in front of me. Took 20 minutes to get my food and they had four drinks prepared on the counter but mine wasn't one of them. Almost charged me for the wrong order too since they don't seem to be able to keep track of them well.
The lobby is open but you stand there for quite some time before your order gets taken. All attention is on drive thru
I went through the drive-through or two chicken nuggets and a root beer with no ice the chicken nuggets with ice cold and the rupiah had a double lid on it and when I drink it spilled about a third of it on my shirt it wasn't properly put in place
Location has gone down hill the night workers are super inconsistent and lazy. They manage to take the persons order behind me before me and then never took my order. I pulled around to order and they told me to go back around after waiting for 15 mins. Don ½ï¿
Pretty good food, I always get mcflurries, they never have a broken machine and if they do I've never had an encounter with it.
You used to be able to get multiple Travis Scott special at a discount.  Now the J. Balvin Special is one per downloaded app to get the McFlurries for free.  All other orders are at 12 dollars a pop, u need to check ur order.  Short on fries and the McFlurries were half filled.  Totally disappointed.
Pretty much the worst McDonald   s I   ve ever had, and I 
Not bad
5 cars pulled over waiting for orders. Suddenly a burger and fries is too hard.
Staff was great food was  a little  old but what do expect from mcdonalds? This is why we don't eat there often.
Ppl are great. They take pride in their workand they get special orders correct. Always pleasant. You can never get tired of kind and friendly service and they are open 24hrs. Yay to McDonald's!
construction out front makes it difficult to get in and out
It always takes a long time to get the food sometimes they are rude
Manager was incredibly rude to my husband when he tried to place an order through the drive thru.
They are doing good even though they are VERY short staffed. It took 15mins in total to get our food.
Terrible as usual. 1 out of 10 when it comes to getting a good meal.  Slow slow slow service.  Stale fries again. Worst McDonald's in the area.  Terrible fries as usual. Feel ripped off.
Of the fries we got they were cold. The small bad had about 10 if that. They did not add the ranch or BBQ sauce that we asked for. Horrible!
The staff delivered the best customer service anyone could ever ask for. The environment was very clean.Fast check out. Good job guys.
My daughter and I went to get slushies but they couldn't make slushies or shakes cause their machines were down.
Food was fine tho I have reason to believe it was spit in. Also when I requested the inspection report (as the sign clearly specifies) I was given a nasty look and was completely ignored by the cashier named Greta.
Worst customer service ever will not return. Food was cold and frys not cooked properly. Bread had mold on it
To McDonald's which has changed drastically for the better. You can have breakfast all day long. Breakfast very large for onky $6 something had scrambked eggs, hash brown sausage patty , biscuit and 3 pancakes. New Quarter Pounder has been made up differently with lettuce and tomato now. Still a great place to go low costs and good quality.
good food BUT they need to be more careful at the drive thru- Forgetting parts of an order when someone doesn't live in direct vicinity can be a real hassle.
I've been coming here for years, but this was the first time they screwed up my order.  I would give it a higher rating if they didn't take out the play area.
the staff is unbelievably rude and we had to wait 30 min for assistance #hurd
No shakes or ice cream again, and no sign to inform. Long lines only to learn they do not have what I stopped in the purchase.  
Great experience good food good staff that are usually pretty patient with the nonsense
The dining room was open very clean very fast food was nice and hot Bada Butta dat' data McDonald's I enjoyed it during thiese pandemic times it was freasher than normal thank you
They mess up my coffee order kind of often, which is why I stopped going to Dunkin. But at least at McDonald's they kind of own the mistake and apologize.
"Their Customer Service is top notch.
Absolutely Loved it"
Didn't have kid meals toys. Brought 8 kids to eat & no toys for none. Also looked like 2 employees was high off drugs. Will never eat there again. Maybe no McDonald's
Great in and out no problem
Screw up my order 90% of the time when I go through drive thrue. BK is right next door. I just go there now
Quick counter service even while the drive thru was busy!  Good McD's burgers,  just the way we expect,  no surprises.
I tried their apple fritter today. It was hard and dry. Tasted OK. They shouldn't serve them day old.
We just orders 2 bacon smoke houses and one only has 3 small pieces of bacon and 2 really small pieces of onion very little sauce. Thsecond was cold
Great hot Caramel Latte! It was perfect. Hot and tasty. Quick service with a smile.
The Google info says open 24 hours. It's not. Pulled up at 530am and just sat to use wifi. After a little while the morning crew came in and out up cones on all the parking spots near me. It was very strange.
Biscuits are still tasty. Portions are smaller.  Prices are higher.
Mornings are their best time, anytime when lunch starts after expect your order to be screwed up even if it's only 2 sandwiches. Happens every to every other time but it's the only McDonald's around us.
It's an MCD they are all kinda the same
Morning staff is good....afternoon/evening is a different story. They take the fast out of fast food!
Went to McDonald's yesterday fast friendly service order was done correctly!
Waited at drive through for about 30 mins and I was only the 3rd car away from pick up window. Very nice staff but the wait was frustrating
This is a 1st. Usually I have a problem but the worker named Mega did my order correctly & she was super nice!
The food handlers were picking up the plastic bag of shack mix with gloves off of the FLOOR on then going back to food handling. You've got to be kidding me. What are you wearing gloves for?
Waited literally 10 minutes for a steak egg and cheese bagel. Would of rather went to Wawa and it would of been faster and healthier.
Restaurant 42 the worst and the dirtiest trays that they put your food on that I've ever seen complained about it before and nobody has done anything about it as of yet so if it's restaurant 42eat at your own risk so if you're looking for a place to eat at McDonald's ask if it's restaurant 42 before you orderthey tell me tell me to come back and you'll make it right how's it going to do that when  they don't know it's me coming back
Just okay food; nothing spectacular.  Chicken was bland and not seasoned enough.   Also, meat was on the skimpy side considering the chicken dinner is $10 and Chivo (or goat) is $14!
Staff at this location are always friendly, and the food is hot and fresh.
For a fast food burger,  the quarter  pound deluxe was actually pretty good. Not like back yard grilling, decent.
Super clean inside! And service was fast..... Obviously since it's called fast food lol.
I ordered using the app and the order and service to my car were flawless. Thanks for a good experience.
Long line at drive-thru, seemed like under manned. Food was OK
Unfortunately had to eat here cause the BF wanted to go there. I hate MD food in itself  but the people at this MD were cool none the less.
If there's more than 2 cars in drive thru line keep driving unless you like overcooked hollow French fries.
The manager is terrific. She works with the crew and is wonderful with the customers.
It's a McDonald's. Enough said. Clean. Parking is extremely small and the spaces very tight. Good luck getting a large SUV in there
Very good just stopped in withe the kids for a little ice cream. Nice staff and place was very clean
I WOULD LEAVE NO STARS IF I COULD .DRIVE THRU ORDER IS ALWAYS PLACED CORRECTLY AND BILLED CORRECTLY ON THE RECEIPT BUT FOR SOME REASON THE LINE COOKS CANT GET THE ORDERS RIGHT .EVERYTIME I COME TO THIS LOCATION MY  FOOD IS NOT MADE CORRECTLY .TODAY I CAME THRU THE DRIVE THRU AND ORDERED A DOBBLE QUARTER POUNDER MEAL NO PICKLE MED WITH A COKE I WAS CHARGED $8.47 AND I GOT BACK TO WORK I OPENED MY FOOD AND A GOT A SINGLE QUATER PONDER WITH PICKLE'S A MED FRY THAT WAS HALF BURNT AS USUAL AND A DIET COKE. I ONLY GET A HALF HOUR LUNCH SO NO TIME TO GO BACK AND COMPLAIN SO FOOD WENT RIGHT IN THE GARBAGE .ON A PRIOR VISIT A FEW WEEKS EARLIER I WENT FOR LUNCH ORDERED A CLASSIC CHICKEN SANDWICH MEAL GOT BACK TO WORK OPENED MY FOOD I GOT WAY OVER COOKE FRIES AND A CHICKEN PATTY ON 1 BUN (JUST THE HALF OF A BUN )NOTHING ELSE.I DID NOT COMPLAIN ABOUT THAT AGAIN NO TIME TO COME BACK (1/2 HOUR LUNCH )  . ON A SEPERATE VISIT I ORDERED A BACON SANWICH MEAL AND GOT NO BACAON ON MY BURGER .I GUESS WHAT AM GETTING AT IS EVERYTIME I COME HERE THEIRS A ISSUE WITH MY FOOD I WILL NOT VISIT THIS LOCATION ANY LONGER AS WELL AS ALL MY CO WOKERS SINCE THEY HAVE HAD THE SAME EXPERIENCE . AND McDONALD'S AT ONE POINT AND TIRE WANTED MINIMUM WAGE TO BE $14 OR $15 PER HOUR THATS A JOKE !
great food and service, but i have to stop forgetting to never get the shakes here because they taste like soap
Was horrible. Dry old and nasty. All of us were so disappointed. That's pretty bad when a kid says it was horrible.
It's okay for a fast food place, though it's not going to win any awards for cleanliness, especially in the bathrooms.
This McDonald's must still cook their burgers on grill which taste better the others I believed went to hot air fryers uck
The service was very slow today and they messed up the order. The fries were old and hard. They were cold
Terrible waited like 20 mins order 2 mcchicken and 1 mcdouble got 3 mcdouble smh
Went late night, about 7 cars ahead of me but it went quickly.  Thank goodness that something was still open
Good deals and friendly service (most of the time). The drive thru wait time is always very long.
Not really a  fast food eater but when ur hungry n on the go its a great pit stop
This McDonald's is really going downhill, service is slow, biscuits overcooked and crunchy, bacon burned and the place is a mess. Couldn't find a clean table.
Only place for miles with a restroom that alone demands a 5 Star rating. Aside from that it's your typical McDonalds.
Convenient location right off the highway. Food preparation needs improvement. Staff friendliness is okay...(about average).
Last order of the night and the food was not stale and the staff were still polite and welcoming
Fast friendly service.  Pipping hot, great tasting coffee at a FANTASTIC PRICE
They charge more there than my local Mc D,in Windgap... 60 cents more for a large Mocha Frappie in Brodheadsville, never again
Clean and peaceful place to get breakfast.
Clean bathroom clean tables. Mobile order came out in 2 mins (off peak)
This McDonald   s is the worst advertise they have certain menu items and whe
They smokin d, I bought burgers or whatever, and they put one or two tiny lil lettuce pieces in them , it ½ï
Food is always good,fresh, and fast .
This is the worst mcdonalds I have been to.  Very slow and the order is always  wrong.   Don't  go there...  This place should be shut down or change the management.   .
Sadly, I get mistreated every time I come here.. I put this review off for a while now and the mistreatment continues.. The workers here need to be trained on customer service.. :(
I have been there quite abfew times and personally never had a problem but my girlfriends order has been messed up a few times
This place is the one in front of the Lehigh Valley mall do not go there  there  was glass in the inside of my Burger and the manager refused to even hear me. I will be contacting corporate
The service at the drive in was terrible.i sat in line for 20min no one was there to take my order and then when I went inside people were waiting for orders to be filled and to be waited on.I ended up going to Burger King instead
Their cheeseburger costs more than a double cheeseburger and they won't give me a double cheeseburger with only 1 patty
Good service. Everything good here.
Seriously who forgets to put everything on a burger. Lol I can understand missing one item but everything except the burger itself lol not once but twice lol  ½
It was good food they got my burger right !!
I have been to many McDonald's locations and I have to say this was the worst Big Mac and Filet sandwich I have ever had. I was highly disappointed!!!
Drive thru gets clogged and go inside I'm 1 of 2 customers it took longer than drive thru
I applied online and said I was fourteen and out on my resume I was fourteen and I get scheduled for an interview and they say I can   t be hired be
Lisa deserves 5 stars, she ½ï
It is McDonald's. You know what to expect. This particular one, however, often has "machines down" or being "cleaned". Can't get a latte, can't get a milkshake, etc. Kind of ridiculous.
I am not a McDonald's fan but I can say the place was very clean and the young girl that took my order was pleasant
They messed on my husbands meal and the cook is missing around laughing about messing up the order. They joking about spitting in people ½
Just another McD's. Slightly sub-par breakfast sandwiches. Weak wifi.
One of the good quality McDonald's. I stop by almost every times I go snowboarding in PA.
It's McDonalds.  Who doesn't love it.  Went through drive thru and staff pleasant.
I waited over 15 minutes in drive thru after I paid and got to the pickup window . Was asked pull-up and wait .
VERY, VERY Friendly and helpful people. Almost treat ya like family when you walk in. I stop there frequently  
Good place for a fast food meal! The restaurant was clean!, and the service was good!
A little slow taking the order but the kid enjoyed the center pieces and decorations
ya   ll m
Typical visit. But what sucked was, by the time we got our food, the fries were cold. :(
I took my grandson to McDonald's in Broadheadsville today for his Birthday and the service and food was great!
Big Macs are outstanding the the milkshakes I look forward to and the atmosphere is nice would be nice if they had TVs
Would have been five stars but our fries were old and refried
Long wait times for the drive-thru. They jerk you around with their open/close times, too. They close at eleven, I drove by at 10 after ten and they said they were closed for the night.
Always super good my favorite restaurant all across the United States
Always enjoy the food and prices at McDonald's.  Only drawback is the wait time on line.
You would find the Covid-19 vaccine here before you found a working ice cream machine
Fast service food good but pricey
Food was good quick fresh..
They just hung up on me when I was talking. It was not relating to poor connection.
Got the bundle good deal something for everyone.
Food was good and cashier was friendly. Restaurant and bathrooms were clean.
Its not bad!! They made my burger perfect when i took it out of the box lol
Good customer service, and correct stuff that was ordered. Verry professional.
They dont have good customer service. Plus they dont listen to customers.
Night crew was very polite. Food was delicious. No complaints
Doesn't honor coupons when they clearly state at McDonald's nationwide. Managers are rude.
I had a drink n cheese burger n the burger n cheese was colder the ketchup.... it's rare to ever get a hot chburger at McDonald's
This was the worst. They had no fountain drinks and the water they substituted for it was warm.
Pleasant and very good thankfully they fixed the order right
Very nice and courteous people the food was delicious and cooked well
They're the best, their employees are very courteous and helpful!!!
"Always enjoy Mcdees.....
Pretty clean bathrooms, as well as their overall interior."
Service was very very slow  , then the food was barely warm.
Waited in the drive up.10 minutes. Should had the man in front park instead of waiting at yhe window for his stuff.
They always have puppy treats for my fur baby
The McDonalds in Brodheadsville is one of the worst McDonalds I've ever experienced. Its sad our own hometown McDonalds is the way it is
Paid$4.01 for what used to be $1.00 to greedy for me never again
I go here for lunch all the time and I've never had a problem
Chicken nuggets and fries are very tasty but felt horrible rest of the day and next day too...probably all the fillers and stuff...
Great had just come from getting our great grandson a haircut
It's Mc d's, food is always good even if it's bad for you 
They have a fireplace that they never use so it's always freezing. Maybe put some heat on.
Big place sort of empty but great customer service
This place is so good but the food really is no good for you. LOL
Food is always hot.  If you use there new app it doesn't always work
Wost McDonald's ever very nasty manager Anna And the employee's are rude and nasty
Fast, fresh & hot! Staff was very nice! Great job!  
Excellent fast food place.. excellent in and out food chain.
If they got my order correct I'd be shocked.
They suck got 4 bacon doulbles and didn't get any bacon on them not the first time either
Foods terrible slowest McDonald's I've ever been to wouldn't recommend to my worst enemy  ½ï¿½
No complaints. Food was fresh.
The one complaint is the put food in a bag that is too small to close, food gets cold quickly.
The breakfast sandwich was burnt and also hard as a rock. Broke my tooth.. ½ï¿½ï¿½ï
Clean and inexpensive. If faster would have been 5 stars.
Out of receipt paper, muffin on my english muffin was as hard as a hockey puck.
Ok but sometimes food not the best
They always get my order wrong and I ordered. Bacon and it wasn't even cooked
Quick service and the staff is very friendlyï¿½
Service was fast and the staff was great
Good service...crappy food fries were old same as nuggets
Disrespectful staff
Everything was fresh, nothing better than fresh  ½
Very polite servers.  Food neatly packaged.
My bagel sandwich was stale. Bottom could not even eat. Very disappointed for the price.
They threw me and my friends out that were doing business and not buying anything
Lady was very helpful and polite, food was ok
Food was ok. Waited too long to get my food
"second time 4/11/19 bethlehem
Now 4/12/19 broadheadville
Was given wrong order."
Made me wait in the annoying end of the sidewalk spot only to give me cold food and a watered down iced coffee
The always have a smile on there face and are very helpful and polite.
Inconsistent inconsistent that's the truth. Also they don't clean the edges of the booths. Gross
Service is hit or miss.  Give you fries that are half full.
Associate was very nice and helpful
Service was slow  came home and order was missing 2 sandwiches
Great service. Very clean
Improved service. Clean. Very courteous crew. Improvement
Gift card didn't work AGAIN. No help from clerk  Rude.
Good food but really long wait
Breakfast is the best meal of the day. Pancakes are good.
Customer friendly buns are always fresh.
Who forgets to put meat on a sandwich? Brodheadsville MC Donalds that's who. I mean really?
Hash browns are always cold and under-cooked.
Ordered a large fry and they were burnt had to go back and they were still overdone
Out of ketchup had to get packets of them. Cashier seems a little stressed.
Fast drive thru. Hot fresh fries.
Even after expressing items that were missing they still got it wrong
30 minutes in drive thru.... Ridiculous
Its McDonald's.  Everything was fine.
Breakfast was very good hit the spot
Worst service ever. Slow and always forget items.
Great workers and great people there
Good people . great job thank you
I always order special food, they usually get it right at this location.
Love the food and their fast service
You order, you get what you expect most the time, it's McDonald's ehhh.
There is no wait you get your food right away and there food is awesome
It's McDonald's, always great everywhere.
Service was slow and they made my order wrong :(
Service wasn't the best and my food was cold
The cashier was friendly and pretty fast.
Coffee was made the way I asked. And I love Mc griddles.
Service, overall, better than most McDs.
It's McDonald's. If you're reading reviews to decide which McDonald's to go to, you need a hobby.
"Slow for fast food
And milk shake machine is always down"
In the Happy Meal they forgot the apple juice
Always hot food and good service
"Consistently bad as we
Have become conditioned to expect and except."
Don't go here!!!!! I regret it every time I give it another chance.
It's you know. Fast food. Had an egg mcmuffen.
As always, good food for a good price.
Love having breakfast when e we I want
Customer service here was good
Got order correct. Its a good day.
The food was cold, French fries awful
Quick and easy, always a decent cup of coffee!
Great friendly service good food
Lovely breakfast.  Comfortable dining room
The app does not work 75% of the time. Must be fixed!!
Food was cold ï¿½ï
They always mess up my order
Too much money to pay for mostly bun with your burgef
Worst service wrong order
Food isn't cooked and very slow
Says 24 hours went there at 12:30 and they were closed
It's ok if in hurry for food for supper
Service was slow and the girl behind the counter was rude
I went for a sundae, & of course I enjoyed it.
Its a McDonald's. Its gross. Smells like pee.
Food very fresh
Mickey D"s is just what it is ...
They say there open 24 hours and they were closed by 12am
The sturgeon was fantastic. Cooked to perfection!
Go ahead and get poisoned. I deffinently wont be.
Very fast workers
Always get orders wrong
Never fails, always hits the spot lol
Great place .  Friendly people.  Great music
Worst McDonald's I have ever been to
It is fast food, what is there to say?
My kids love the food
It's a McDonald's what can I say.
Good fries shakes suck
Full service McDonald's and they bring your food out to you.
Hashbrowns were super fresh.
I love this as a place to go after school with my friends.
It's a McDonalds. Friendly staff and got the order right.
Under construction, did the best under circumstances
Food cold. No napkins.  Employees rude
Love the underrated Filet O Fish 
Good people food is fast
Friendly people.  Nice atmosphere and clean.
Great Manager and quick
Great price,  good food
Fresh food E-Z Parking nice people
Filet of fish delicious!!
Super yummy vanilla milkshake!
Close to work call ahead ordering
Friendly people fast service
Its mcdonalds, just went because u was short on time
What can I really say about Mickey D
Friendly and respectful and fast
NVR liked McD's.  NVR eat here.
Slow service in drive thru...
No Entry. Just window orders
Fast and very friendly service
Pleasant atmosphere, clean and friendly
it's fine
People had a good sense of humor
the wait is long and the cashiers are rude
Regular McDonald's with a breakfast all day menu.
Great place Moderate Prices
Got good service there
Excellent place bring the family
Burgers were dry and tasteless
Not that healthy, but tastes good.
They always rushing and always forget something
Clean, and workers are friendly enough.
Lisa is a sweet lady
Very good burgers.
Clean restrooms and tasty fries
Was a little slow in the drive trough
didn't get the sauces I asked for
People work there sucks.
Great!! Fresh food!!! Nice and hot!!!
Food is always fresh
Delicious food, clean place
I very rarely eat here
Love the caramel frappes
Fast and friendly staff
Very good
The food was not that great
Well for a mcd's, it was decent
Stop by eat then leave!
The shake machine is never working.
Good breakfast special
Food always cold
Clean and well kept...
Very quick, and delicious
Fast food
Everybody loves McD's
Good for a quick stop.
Very quick service
Quick n easy....
they have maggots
Drive thru only
Pancakes were great!
Good service and good food
"I'm Lovin' It"
Just a nice Mc Donald's
Great service
Nice&clean,happy atmosphere.
Good food and service
Good food
Every time is a delicious time
Good fast food.
Good food
Fast food is fast food
Easy clean and convenient
Love the apple pies
Good food
Love their food
Ridiculously slow service
Same as any other McDonald's
Good Service and Good Food
Great service and friendly
Clean, friendly staff!
It's fast food.
Not open 24/7
Small coffee cream and sugar
Meh
Got what I asked for and more.
Beutiful!
It was a sloppy burger  
Nice...
Nice
It was good
mmmm chimken
Slow drive up window
ýýýý great! ýýý
This is a horrible food place
It was ok.
Its ok
It Mickey D's...it is what it is.
Food was hot
Horrible experience
The stuff I hear is disgusting
Quick and courteous.
It was good
Pretty clean.
BIG MAC  YUM
Service was excellent
Uggg
Gorgeous place
Great!
Love!
Love it
Its okay
Great service.
Quick service.
The usual
It's McDonald's nuff said.
Great
The not the way should be
Very very slow
Nice
Fast sevice
Nice people
I work for then
Easy for coffee
Yumm
awesome
Fast
Ok
Good service
Mcdonalds is trash
Ok
Good service
Good service
Good coffee
Good
Great
McDonald's what else needs to be said
Yummy
Horrible fries...
Typical McDonald's.
Love McDonald's
Friendly people.
Its mc donalds
Hot fresh food
Worst service
Clean
Terrible food
S L O W service.
Okay
Okay service
Nice place
eh
Stay away from chicken
Mac tonight
good coffee
Burnt ice cream
It is what it is.
I was hungry
Cold fries
No comment
It ½ï¿½ï¿
Convenient
It's McDonald's.
It's McDonald's that's it
Its McDonalds
McDonald's Hello
It's McDonald's
It is good the food is rich good price fast I love the coffee frappe it is very delicious
Good attention  
Excellent 
Bad
Excellent 
Good 
Poor 
Good 
Excellent 
Poor 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
McDead
Bad
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Neutral
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Poor 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
The staff was disorganized and seemed overwhelmed, and my order was completely messed up.
Good 
Neutral
Poor 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Poor 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Poor 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Poor 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
The staff was slow and unattentive, and my food arrived cold and inedible.
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Neutral
Neutral
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
The fries were overcooked and tasted burnt, and the staff didn't offer any resolution.
Good 
Poor 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Poor 
not good
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Poor 
Good 
Terrible
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
I don ½ï
Poor 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
ew
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Poor 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Terrible
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
No too bad
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Neutral
Neutral
Terrible
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Terrible
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Terrible
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Neutral
Neutral
Terrible
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Terrible
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Terrible
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Terrible
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Terrible
Good 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Terrible
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Terrible
Excellent 
Good 
Terrible
Neutral
Poor 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Terrible
Excellent 
Excellent 
Terrible
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Poor 
Neutral
Neutral
Good 
Poor 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Poor 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Neutral
Neutral
Good 
Good 
Neutral
Poor 
Excellent 
Neutral
Terrible
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Terrible
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Terrible
The staff messed up my order not once, but twice, and the food was barely edible.
Good 
Terrible
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Poor 
Neutral
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Poor 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Terrible
Excellent 
Neutral
Terrible
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Good 
Good 
Terrible
Neutral
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Poor 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Terrible
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Terrible
Poor 
Neutral
Excellent 
Terrible
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Terrible
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Poor 
Excellent 
Poor 
Neutral
Good 
Good 
Poor 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Poor 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Terrible
Good 
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Poor 
Terrible
Terrible
Terrible
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Poor 
Terrible
Excellent 
Excellent 
Poor 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Terrible
Good 
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Terrible
Excellent 
Good 
Terrible
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Terrible
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Terrible
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
The staff messed up my order not once, but twice, and the food was barely edible.
Terrible
Excellent 
I always get mcdonald   s from here. But today I got large fries and two burgers along with three cokes. I was eating my fries and i was about to take a bite until i saw A BUG literally on my fry. I got disgusted and now i have no more appetite to eat my 
Ordered a steak bagel during breakfast through drive-thru. I had a very long wait. The bagel was good and was as expected from a McDonald's. My experience having to wait a while is about 50/50 at this location.
This location is always running no matter what time or day. The food is always fresh and the service is usually fast. If they ever mess your order up they usually do right by you and give you a fresh new order. This location was renovated recently so everything is brand new. They no longer have the children's play area but it's much more of a sit in restaurant style McDonald's.
Horrible! I just ordered a Large Meal with large fries through uberEats and the problem was that there wasn   t e
"Our visit was on Friday, 5/12/2023. There is a marked improvement in the service and cleanliness at this location on Ft. Hamilton Parkway. Katherine, the Manager, and her staff (Chris) promptly offered help and solutions to my family's needs. The use of a dedicated staff member to continuously clean the dining area was a big plus. I only feel that the beverage station should be closer to the dining area to facilitate the transfer of drinks from station to table; particularly for the disabled.
Another, concern was the price of the food. Though there were ""dollar"" options available, the price of the more popular sizes and items was very high. A median-income family of four would be wary of dining more than once a month, if that often.
The name of the counter person that helped us during our visit was Chris. He is a credit to the McDonalds company."
I would have give zero star if I could. This chicken sandwich I got is extreme nasty, overcooked and taste like leftover from a while ago. Sandwich with no veggies or nothing. I felt like I was chewing rubber!!! Horrible experience
I get my combo meal once a week as a treat. Food, service, parking is good. The place can get packed at certain  time of the day, but have a bit of patients .U will meet rude customers once in a while .Good job to all those employees for their hard work to serve everyone whether its drive thru, dine in, take out, deliveries , curb side pick up etc .Its just my opinion and experience with them .
I placed a mobile order when I was at the McDonald's at 72-69 Kissena Blvd, Flushing, NY 11367. I placed that order on March 29, 2023 at 07:48:29 PM. This order should be brought to table 101. The McDonald app said that in 2 or 5 minutes, somone will bring my order. I waited for 15 minutes. I still did not see my order at table 101. I went to the counter and asked for it. A lady saw a tag with 101 on the counter and then she prepared for my order, and then gave it to me. I asked her why no one brought me the order. She did not say. Then, I asked for the manager. Then, a gentleman named Armando showed up. I told him what happened. He first told me that they were busy. However, there was no one waiting at the counter. I told the manager that the lady who prepared my order saw my order tag on the counter. Then, the manager changed his explanation. He said that after 7 PM, they don't serve table service. In other words, they don't bring order to the table after 7 PM. I said that the Mcdonald's app says that the table order is still available. Then, he said that every store is different. I doubt what he said. This is bad servcie and bad responses from the store manager. The manager lied.
Horrible service from the manager. I got 2 cheeseburgers from the drive thru and my bag was leaking with some fluid. Looked inside and both was soaked in oil. The burger was drenched in oil and the wrapper had puddles of oil inside it and once i opened it, it went on my pants and console of my car. Went inside to get another burger but instead the manager tried to justify saying she did it herself and it wasn   t like that and that it just came out. But I tried to explain there was so much oil everywhere that when I tried to pick up the burger it slips right out of my hand and the oil is spilling everywhere. Even when I got a new burger she still insisted on justifying why it was like that instead of apologizing to a customer. I   ve never had that experience with just trying to eat a cheeseburger. Not even a restaurant does that. Didn ½ence was.
The service was horrible. The kiosk machine printed a record with no numbers on it. The staff was calling numbers without saying the order. The atmosphere was Workers waiting for their checks & requesting food infront of paying customers. Was a very unpleasant experience.
Worst mcdonald   s ever they can 
I don't know why they every night whatever they like to close the dining room  No time to control it But on the door have a sign showed dinning room open 24 hours And still using the garbage can to block the door
"My daughter and I had a very nice experience here. Upon entering, a worker directed us to the order kiosk and inputted the order for us. Then had it delivered to our table!

Don ½ï¿½"
So I ordered a sausage egg and cheese. This is not it. They wouldn ½
"Large fry half full
No straw
Cold food even though it was the fastest delivery of my life"
I've gone twice after work around 10 and my food is served cold n the most recent they gave me my food n not my drink had to tab on window multiple times to get someone's attention to then be questioned about it as if they didn't just give me my food n they watered down the drink because I guess they didn't like having to come back and finish the order. I hate to down talk a business but your a fast food chain such things should not be happening.
Placed an order through an ordering app.   When it arrived, half of the food was missing.  I called the restaurant to try to resolve the issue and they told me I had to come and pick up the missing items.  I told them I am at work and that this won't be possible.   According to them there was nothing they could do then.  They refused to refund me for the missing food from my order.  I guess if they don't pack the food you paid for properly it's your problem?  Not a great way to do business.
The worst McDonalds and its not even the place its the employees! Not all but the majority of them can NEVER get the order right! Either they give you the wrong order or theyre are items missing. Like ALWAYS!!! I order from door dash and every f_____ time I receive it there are items missing, the last time I ordered a Medium Fries, and literally half of it was filled. Rip you off! It takes forever to get your order as well I understand they have a lot of customers but hello, be considerate and get the orders right!!
My child worked there for only two days and was forced to quit due to the unprofessionalism of the management and staff, one manager even followed her into the bathroom. My child was name called, shoved, harassed and never properly trained. She wasn   t even doing the job she was hired to do.  The most most unprofessional place I have ever heard of and the franchise wonder should be aware of how unprofessional and terrible the employees are. Trai
"Bought a McChicken Bundle with cheeze no mayo!
Had a Uber delivery pick up at this Same location! got the Uber pick and still waited for food while it sat there and I asked my number 228 and got it! It had no cheese! I told the manager and they took my sandwich and slap cold cheeze on it! I addressed it and they were willing to change it but I had (their ) Uber delivery customer waiting in hand and I couldn   t wait for mine to be prepared while the customers food got cold! I said I would be back with them knowing me ! Came back the Manager gave me the same food that was sitting there 3 deliveries,50min later and said I should have waited and if I want it or my money back while I   m trying to address what   s wrong about all this behavior handling food! Her Name is Alba she saidis! I would say I won   t be eating from here anymo"
Food are ok(typically mc), service are good but They don't allow scooter get in.
Just recent some girl was in lobby while kids went crazy in lobby .She came with purpose but as an older person made me feel good asking them please to calm a bit spread out they moved belongings closer not all over cleaned Think name was stacie I saw . After school gets crowded good to see someone proud to help along with guard who seems busy at time .all over great service for busy place.
Been coming to this mcdees since 1988 when they had a hamburgler jail and a big yellow slide out in the open. But lately they've had a hard time getting orders right.
Horrible customer service. They treat Uber/Doordash like they are less than. Really bad. If McDs gonna take these delivery orders they should hire enough people to have them ready not leave a crowd of guys waiting for their deliveries. Unacceptable!
Going off uber eats order. Orders a large meal..no fries or mac sauce that I paid extra for. Called twice goes to voice-mail.
Here's the flag they currently fly (June 2023) to honor our brothers and sisters who lost their lives defending us.
Mmmm to be honest they are pretty fast with their drive-by  orders I cannot complain but they run out of the special items and Frappuccinos pretty fast. Overall food quality is pretty much always fresh!
They have good people working here. The workers won't just let you stand there waiting. They always see people standing there and ask "what is your order number?" and then go look for it. For super fast service DL the mobile app and order/pay online.
Is this close to a school? Lots of noisy teenagers hanging around here. Other than that it has an interesting seating arrangement. Just come at a slower time if you plan to enjoy your meal/snack dining in. I do notice the regular pricing is higher than nearby McDonald's. There is lots of curbside pickup parking, drive thru often busy. Ask for ketchup and sauce, they never give it by default.
No good service! They took my recipe, and I ask salt on my french fries, and they give me hot pepper. The old lady's Attitude is imperious!!! ï¿½ï
I ordered a 20-piece nugget and only got 18 nuggets. Food was nice and hot though
Terrible Service!, You place and pay for your order, and then wait forever to get your food, very very slow. Walk in or Drive thru, both are awful!, If you Drive thru, you order and pay, then you wait forever to get your food. Walk in just as slow. Management very inconsiderate of their customers. Please go someplace else!
I did the Drive though the food was warm and it was turn off .
lousy service, customers ask and no one answers, they are rude and make the food in a bad way.  lousy!  lousy!  the worst experience.
I placed an order and got charge i show my receipt to the manager she didn ½ï¿
It is really clean, employee Joel keeps it super clean in the morning shift. But they never seem to get the order right. Then I have to go back and get it corrected. Like it be clear on the receipt and they still mess it up! The staff overall is professional and nice.
Terrible mc Donald   s. So disappointed. I hope they make some changes and teach employees to f
The food tasted fresh. I asked for mac sauce on my burger, but instead, I got a bunch of ketchup.
"Decent McDonalds, but I would prefer avoiding this one, especially at certain times (after school hours. Lunch maybe? And some evenings) it is packed with unbearably loud and annoying kids, teens, sometimes even adults. There are some nice employees, but the order is always wrong.
Food is consistently good though."
Do not order from this place unless you are In person. They just messed up my order and didn't give all items that I paid for. Waste of a delivery especially when all items are not included,  1 person has food..smh
Great staff members clean and little wait time
Always come here but today I went thru the drive through and encountered a woman who looked like a manager training a young man or something like that. Both of them extremely rude and condescending. 11/17/22 9:26am transaction amount 4.24 side one
Fast and clean. Good parking and area. Why not.
"It might be a one time thing food was not good
I eat from McDonald a lot it ½ï¿½ï"
Always very disappointing. I've gone to this McDonald's for 15 years now. The system has gotten more organized since the recent renovation but it seems the efficiency still has not improved. The workers are nice and willing to help. The seating area is much better. The biggest issue would be the lack of efficient service. I've seen people leave after ordering because it would take so long. Hopefully it'll be improved.
Easy to pick up my mobile orders. They have soda machines so you don't have to worry about specifying no ice in drinks. They include napkins, straw, and lids. Straws have either been paper or plastic. They do not include ketchup packets, so you have to ask counterstaff. $1 drinks is a perk that no other fast food restaurant has. The dining room has plentiful tables and chairs too, ranging from booths to high stools to couch-like chairs. Easy to get there by Q25 or Q34. Not very close to any subway stations.
Food was hot.  Service was fast and pleasant.
Everyone walking around and noone helping with doordash ever ½ï
"I ordered three items and i just got two
This is not the first time when i pay for stuff and i dont get it - and I discovered it after i be at my home . Is that how you save money !?"
The regular parking spots were taken, but there was ample mobile order curbside service parking. I'd never ordered that way before, but it was for take out anyway. An employee delivered the food within 5 minutes of placing the order. Overall it was a good experience.
"The drive thru is not open 24 hrs. Theres nothing worse than driving to a location advertising being open only to get there and see the cleaning person ignore you as you try to ask for the hours.

Edit: finally was able to get the attention of an employee who says they close from 4am to 5:30am"
Today july 31st 2020. 2:00pm. Just get the burger from this mcdonald. See what they give it to me. A piece spit meat. Nice job
I used the curb side feature. It's excellent
Ordered a filet o fish. Didn't put tartar sauce on my sandwich
How could u give me the wrong order?????I order the blueberry pie and u give me some holiday pie????or u just don   t have the pie????an
The food was top notch and very enjoyable, the inside of the place is above average in size and variety if seats and tables. Customer service was amazing and the place has multiple places to order in their drive through for multiple people at once.
dammmm evrytime I go there they have attitude problem they forgot to give me fries with my orders when I went back and tolled them that I was missing 2 orders of fries they gave me an attitude like I was asking for  $1000 I payed for it like dammmm it's not like I wanted to go back at 12:30 am just for those measly fries my kids was craving it so that's the only reason I went back . They really need to hire new stuff more who is more pleasant and polite
Service was terrible I had to wait for ever to get my food, then when I finally did it was a security guard who gave it to me that was behind the counter for what ever reason he didn't have on gloves he put his dirty finger in my cup when he pulled it out the group of cups I won't be going back to this location the staff speaks spenglish I can barely understand what they trying to say I didn't get sauce for my biggest it's just terrible service on top of the 75 school kids in there standing around waiting for their orders
Ordered Uber Eats. No drinks or cookies were in my order. Cold food.
Too many noisy homeless gangsters there, making me very uncomfatable!
In store experience is generally better than delivery. Order breakfast for my whole family, all that was delivered was 2 orange juices. When I asked the driver he said he even asked if there was any food and stated the employee said no. Not sure who would only order orange juices, for the trouble and price the corner store juice is way better. Deliveries need to be handled better, not the first time missing items or a whole order.
"There is a major problem with this McDonald's!! I have been coming here for years, and I put up with alot of inconveniences! Non the less, last night was appalling!! What's wrong with the girl cashier tan skin, black hair, the Hispanic or Indian girl with the yellow long press on nails?! Im sure you can single her out of the crowd. I wont say her name even though they all kept saying eachothers names out loud like it was high school musical back there. Is it mandatory for her to not give me my receipt? I , like many other hardworking Americans who have been coming here for as long as we all can remember,  need a receipt; especially just incase how fast food workers forget to give us all of our order.. and wouldn't you know it, not only did they fail to give me my receipt,  but they failed to give me the correct order. I asked for my order more than three times! Is it also part of the owner's of McDonald's policy to berate the customer in Spanish? I'm Puerto Rican and I understand everything they was saying. How rude to have said all of that in front of the customer,  and about the customer.  Is this how you value your rewards members? I'm going to post about my experience on any social media platform! Mark my words! I would also like to state that the woman manager allowed her staff to keep acting maliciously and she acted as if nothing was going wrong. Is this how you run your establishment?!
The African American fellow, tall, with a kind of lisp, gave me again the wrong order and the wrong receipt. Must be nice to pick out the garbage a receipt from three hours ago to give to me, thinking i wouldnt know the difference! The owner should pop on in!! Must Like losing out on money.
Many thumbs down! I'm going to spend my money elsewhere. Zero stars!!!!!!"
Place was busy..no chasier at the time. Just had to order in the kiosk or through the app. I ordered on my phone through the app and I got taken care of in a reasonable time. People who ordered on the kiosk and couldn't pay by card, had to wait for someone to collect the money at the cashier. With all the chaos, I want to say the team was handling it. Download the app on your phone and service will be faster. Also, the app does offer deals and free stuff with purchase.
They are not 24hrs them doors are locked after 10pm & open at 630AM & Breakfast Ends at 10AM they just backwards
Best mcdonalds in the area but for some reason they charge a few cents more. Not a big deal but just something I noticed. The staff makes fries fresh forreal lol upon request. Nuggs are Hit or miss. But burgers are pretty good. Not a fan of the chicken products from here but the other mcodnalds on 86th and 20 has good chicken
Just the right amount of salt and fat  to raise my blood pressure and help clog my arteries.
I ordered a medium 2 cheeseburger meal they gave me cold fries I returned them & asked for fresh one they gave me another batch of cold fries haven't been back since i don't know who is allowing this to happen but it is extremely unexceptable
Just left the drive through around 12:10 AM, the overnight crew is very unorganized. I   ve had issues on different occasions. Today, I was at the drive through for 5 mins waiting for someone to take my order, at this point I thought it was broken, so went to the first window, nobody was there, drove up to the second window, where I had to wave down a lady, and told her I was waiting for someone to take my order. She then starts going back and forth to another lady, who told her apparently that wasn   t true. They stayed going back and forth until I had to wave down another worker walking by. He came up, I told him what happened and he said the worker was in the bathroom and to go back around. Now there   s 3 more cars in front of me putting 
The morning shift is very racist and racially profiling
Only one burger on my Big Mac ? Cmon  ½ï¿½
The food was amazing I love it I mean the lady who was cleaning was being rude but besides that it was great
The worst mcdonalds you can ever come to.  They never know what people order, they put wrong food in the wrong bags, they have trouble following special instructions, and you'll be you'll be lucky if you deal with a nice cashier. I'm allergic to many things and had asked the cashier to make sure she did not put those products in my birth lose products in my Burger, however everything I named was in my Burger my Burger rather than out of my Burger.. These employees will fight with you until you are out of breath, they never admit they're wrong. And the coffee here is always made incorrectly I don't understand why. I make sure I drive past this McDonald's and go to another one. Although I don't eat fast food much, But if I ever do definitely not going to this McDonald's ever again.
Very rude and nasty people at the inside counter; no help or patience for people who are old and not computer savvy. At the drive through, they messed up my order and charged me for what I hadn't ordered. The lady manager was nice though.
They said they 
The place seems cool, actually isn   t bad as other M
Pretty good. About what you expect from a McDonald's  
Ordered pick up and when I got home realized 3 items were missing almost half the order. How you complete an order and not make sure you're putting everything the customer paid for. Never ordering from here.
After renovation this place has become one of the newer McDonalds around. Things have also gotten busier but that means fresher food.
Morning afternoon or night, they never have frappes
"Why does it say 24/7 dine in if they lock the doors after 1 am
Rubbish description and I'm FREEZING"
"This was possibly the worst experience I   ve had at a McDonalds.
First they give me the wrong order, which was fine but then they asked me for my receipt which no one ever gave me in the first place, thinking I   m there to steal a few burgers.
Then I was asked to swing around back to the pay station. At this point 20 minutes had past just waiting. We were then asked to pay yet again, meanwhile the young woman we initialed paid with took our card and charged it. There was a line of incorrect items and people waiting to get their ½ï"
Double check your orders before leaving. Twice in one week I've ordered different meals and when I get home. Only half my meal is here  
Staffs are good.good service.
Stopped by on my way to work... Very fast, drink was made well and food was food lol I appreciated their prompt service
Cops had to show up.. group of kids  being super loud. Don't know if there was a fight ... almost $3 for a plain  burger that use to be $1
I like the convenience of this McDonald's for  parking and drive thru,  the food is fresh and the place is clean,though I think because of the Covid increase they don't let anybody sit inside. My problem is the workers organization. Nobody is at the register or someone to help you at the kiosk. One kiosk machine did not give you a receipt, another gives you just a white paper. Long wait to pick up order, took like 20 minutes. Once you get your order it is missing items from your order. Today, I was missing hashbrowns. I also ordered hot chocolate with caramel and I got coffee  instead. I did not change it because two weeks ago, the same thing happened and I had to wait 20 more minutes for them to give me the hot chocolate. I thought that was an isolated incident but it happened again today. For this reason I'm not coming back to this place ever again. Goodbye!!!
Pretty average McDonald's, the seating is nice, the service is also quite fast. The food is pretty average. It does get crowded sometimes, so I suggest that you go there knowing what you want so that it's a bit easier for the employees.
Very fast, clean and good service.
"Took over 45 minutes at the drive through, so long at 9pm on a Sunday,  doors locked, uber, grubhub walking up to the drive though in front of cars waiting over 45 minutes.

Other days, they are usually fine, so I am going to think this was just an understaffed night."
Fast and efficient service...The food is always fresh
Came in to get 2 iced coffee and some chicken nuggets. The Manager of the day was lousy and gave our nuggets to someone else and blamed the employee. Speaking of, the employee helping us was fantastic. Offered to give us free coffee when we weren   t able to use our points to  redeem our second coffee, and defended us from the manager when we were being blamed for not getting the nuggets when we were still 
This mcd is the worst service ever. Don't come here
I just walked in to get myself some breakfast and was told that they're closed, that they can't turn the registers on yet. Why is a place known for serving breakfast closed at 7:30 am? Seems pretty unprofessional.
Well we went for breakfast.. first off all the girl at the front wanted us to use the ordering machines to place our order and than presided to say that they didn't sell breakfast past 11:00am. so the manager than said to place oder by the register which that is what we wanted to do in the first place     we'll we ordered finely and than to realize that gave us half of what we ordered ï¿½ï¿½ï
Worse customer service I have ever experienced. I dont know how a mobile order can take 30 mins to load on their screen. Or why no one can help you at drive thru apparently it would work if you walk into the store??? No you should get a manager or someone who wants to help instead of people telling you that your holding up their line. As far as I though I was still a customer. Not everyone would like to go into the store especially with covid. Just learn to help people instead of treating people like cattle.
Always service with a smile! It makes my day to see the smiles of the star who great me at the drive thru windows.  And yes you can see the smiling behind the masks.
I bought a Big Mac..  I was eating And I saw a hair on the meet..  never ever going to buy in this place
It's a busy place.  Employees are not very friendly. I only come to this location for the convenience but they usually very slow.  I always need to check my orders before I leave because they frequently missing stuffs or got it wrong.
Table service is chaotic. They walk around with your food on a tray searching for you for minutes. It can be better organized. The fountain soda was watery and needed it   s syrup changed and it went ignored. The open floor pl
Got BOGO Quarter Pounders during my break, service was quick and the burgers tasted really good. Added some extra toppings and the amount was perfect.
"The waiter was impolite, bad tone, and impatient   

I don't know what is impatient with the waiter?
                ½ï¿½ï"
The worst McDonald   s I have ever been to and will never go back again. We had to repeat our order like 5 times and they still messed up 
They never get your order right.
So I decided to order two mango smoothies, but the person listening let us go to the window but we never got it.
It ½ï¿½ï
This McDonald   s had a full makeover but the customer service has went down since then. Today was the second time in two weeks that they got my order all the way wrong. I
Too expensive for the type of service they provide. They treat you as if they were doing you a favor and you pay for yr meal.  What for do they ask if you want mailk and sugar for yr coffee if at the end you have to ask anyway. Horrible service, and with a mean face. If you don't like yr job quick it and get a job you like. You talk to them and they ignored you.
"The drive through worker was very rude.
Wanted to order food, however they told me they were closed and when I drove past they pointed and laughed at me."
FASTFOOD? I use the drive thru, I ordered a oatmeal, the attendant told me is $2,71. Next window I pay with $10 bill she charge me $7,51. I told her something is wrong because I just order oatmeal, she was rude and told me is not my mistake next window somebody is going to take care. After 5 minutes the manager came and said I going to give you $2 more to complete the change. No sense to make people lost time, after this complete failure I decided to cancel my order because, the attendant and the manager don't not how to make simple additions and subtraction. Use a calculator to add 1+1. 17 minutes take all this simple equation.
Service is incredibly fast. Just done with the register, not yet put back my wallet in pocket and my order is ready.  Workers are pleasant, patience and with no attitude mostly.  What I like most about it is that they do not impose any unnecessary rules and restrictions on people there plus incredibly pleasant and open minded with people from various backgrounds.  This the best McDonald's in the area I have seen.
Seems like a new McDonald's, my first time here. Got my food really quick. They have the high tech screen ordering and mobile ordering. Very big parking lot and drive thru windows. My food came out hot and tasted great. I hate getting cold fries. I was given fries right out of the fryer.
This is the worst Macdonald you can imagine, the customer service deserves 0 stars and the employees don't care at all if your happy or not with the food you paid for. They will give you a nasty attitude for no reason when you ask for BBQ sauce they tell you they are out of BBQ and give you look like your asking for something they shouldn't have.
"Been there since yesterday, and the place looks fairly nice after it's been renovated

Rating: 10/10"
What the owner should monitor is the attitudes of spanich servers she has nasty attitute she is on the heavy side i don.t know her name we were just asking for an xtra ketsups bcause the kids askd for it n her reply was omg nasty...
Long wait for the food but the order was right and the ice cream machine worked
I'm allergic to onions, I tell them every single time to not add onions and for the last 3 visits my burgers continue to have onions put on.. I end up switching my meal with my wife because she doesn't want me to get sick or go hungry.. I worked at McDonald's, its not that difficult to build a burger without adding onions.. DO BETTER!!
"Check your food before you leave!
My experience was horrible, the girl who hands out the order has the worst attitude, i get it you work at mcdonalds but you choose to be there.
I asked for a quarter pounder and all i got was a buns and a patty, going back and dealing with that girl was such an inconvenience, if you can avoid this place, do so."
I know it was just a McDonald   s, but there are clean ones too where staffs regularly c
4 days ago, 8 o'clock hour (am), I Asked for a sausage biscuit with cheese... Got a sausage and egg on a biscuit. I was clear when ordering, because I had to repeat myself to the manager who had to assist the cashier that was servicing me, what I wanted. Nonetheless, I get change back, leave and I leave with a sausage biscuit...           ½ï"I actually told YOU when you came to help her". Then receiving my sandwich and saw it was the wrong one, STILL!!! Joke's on me for thinking I had the last laugh but I just might with this review  ½ï¿½
This has probably been the best Mcy D's I have ever been in 10 years. I really don't eat McDonald's much but I'm glad I did today. The staff were super professional, sweet, and down to earth. The food was hot, not barely warm, but Hot. Thank you guys  ½ï
I only come here late at night.  Staff do okay, they seem pretty busy with drive through or other tasks.  The dining room stays dirty for a long time while the cashiers are helping out behind the line even if there are only a few customers.
"Horrible location. Frequently makes mistakes with larger orders. Almost every time we come here with larger orders there are missing items. Rude employee as well. One time refused to give me receipt at drive thru.
Was there yesterday also, and the employee at the drive thru window did not wear mask properly. Only half the mouth was covered and the nose was not covered at all. Note that this McDonald's is located in one of the NYC Covid hotspots."
They always get something wrong or forget something . From one less nugget in a 6 piece Happy Meal  or apple slices, down to even a juice box. If my daughter ate nuggets from another place I would never come here.
"Use the drive through to order. The girl gave me the wrong flavor soda. I told her what i ordered and she gets angry and says ok, pull up to the next window for your soda.
I say no, I'll wait here, please just give me my soda. She would rather argue then just fill the cup with soda. She tells me that I'm making everyone in the drive through wait. I said no McDonald's sloppy order taking is making me wait. I encourage everyone to not pull up out of the way when fast food restaurants screw up. They do that so ""corporate"" doesn't yell at them for having slow initial order to window pickup time. Do the job right and orders will be fast."
Terrible experience. Nobody knows what's happening. I ordered at the kiosk and wanted to pay cash. When I went to pay the girl just took my money and left. Didn't give me the cup I paid for or the new receipt with the order. 2 people then told me I didn't pay when I infact did but the other girl didn't give me nothing. Won't be coming back.
Drive through employee's are not customer service friendly. Most of them just take your money and give your order without any aknowledgement and with attitude. What ever happened to Welcome to McDonald's can I take your order please? Thank you and Have a nice day?
"When i go to Mc donald i eat every time crispy chicken
Crispy Chicken was best but this chicken was not cook well"
Excellent food and service. I always go for the specials and they never disappoint. Gnocchi was delicious. The outdoor section is really pretty. And the bread on the table is a great combination. I always end up with lunch the next day especially with the pasta dishes.
My son and I love coming here. Amazing staff, food is great, and the new renovations look great. A shout out to Nick who works here.. thank you again for smiling and making my son feel very welcome.
Mic Ribby was smacking. Atmosphere was a 'lil lackin'. Service? It was slappin'.
We didn't enjoy our visit to this McDonald location.  The ice tea was warm, our fries and burger were cold and rubbery. The only thing I enjoyed was my cappuccino. We will not be visiting this McDonald's again. It wasn't that busy for them not to have hot fresh food prepared.
This McDonalds is such a hit and miss, I   m about to give up. This establishment has such incompetent workers that are careless and mindless at work. How do you mess up what orders to put in a bag? Or make such sloppy orders. Have some pride in what you give out to people who pay, especially high fees from ubereats. Like come on seriously get it together its not that hard. How irresponsible can you be, even at work. Like I know it ½ï¿½ï
I f n said light tarter.
Very friendly fast service
Me and my wife always love McDonald's especially their fires but this place make me rethinking McDonald's service mindset. I have order there a couple time but they never ever give condiment when ask at the drive thru. I always had to double check and remind them again when picking up the order. What really disappointed me and make me laugh was a month ago I order two Cheeseburger and to my surprise I got bread, pickle, cheese, and ketchup??? There was no beef. Again today, I thought maybe I'll us the mobile app to order for the first time and just maybe just maybe they will get my order right. No surprise and usually I don't write about these little things but when it happen over and over again that irritate me. McDonald really need to improve their service in the US. I have been to other countries McDonald and never have gotten these kind of service. Sadly McDonald has good food but bad service.
Degenerates served me a chicken sandwich which was completely burnt to where it was as hard as a rock, cold and dry as if it was left out for days and none of them had mental Acuity to not put that piece of garbage in my bag of food
Newly renovated! They have added extra drive thru lanes. LOL! I think we waited longer to get food. The fish sandwich was good, but fries tasted like yesterday's!
New building, same poor service. Frankly, for service to be this bad for this long, it becomes harder to blame the workers and easier to blame management. Went to the drivethrough at 2am and ordered some value menu sandwiches...after waiting nearly 20 minutes for them to process a single order (with three cars in front of me), I decided to leave. Their credit card machine is also down intermittently.
"It's a McDonald's...
What do you want me to say? Bathroom was clean, service had a minimal amount of angst and my order was correct and prompt...

They probably deserve a higher minimum wage."
Ordered a 6 piece nugget received 5 pieces. inflation to damn high for McDonalds to be playing with my nuggets.
Being remodeled. We stopped for a quick fast food and were advised they will be closing in a few days for 2 months remodeling. I cant wait until then because this is the only local McDs around here and will be missed during renovation. See ya soon. 2 months, like around November 2019 will revisit and rate.
"Thanks for the kind nice Ashton!!!
U r the best guy help me a lot during the midnight~"
"Still unable to eat inside , now yo set your order on the screen yourself , I like it that  way , so I have no problem .
The girls were very helpful and friendly handing out the order ."
It was used to be one of very convenient McDonald   s stores. No dine-in services and no restrooms make things difficult for everyone. I can't imagine how every place is going to 
"Tl;Dr poor service, frequently gets orders wrong.

We try and avoid this place even when we specifically have a hankering for McDonald's. We always have an issue at this McDonald's no matter what time of day,  whether we order from a food delivery service or in person. The orders always get screwed up,  from missing items to getting a sausage egg and cheese mcgriddle that just had cheese! If there was other fast food options besides pizza and halal nearby we'd probably never go here again.
But today I finally understood why it's a mess: there's no communication. It was a busy time since school had just let out and I stood for about 5 minutes waiting for a Dr. Pepper and watched the crew work in relative silence while pushing out food orders without tickets and without speaking to each other. Anyone who has worked in food service knows a quiet kitchen spells more trouble than a loud one. Eventually my sister flagged down the man doing drink orders and asked if the drink he'd just placed in the row of 8 other drinks he'd been setting down indiscriminately was our Dr. Pepper and he said yes...it was a Coke.
Management here really needs to have a talk to the crew about working together as a team and communication, especially when it's busy. Yes it's just a McDonald's, and I'm not expecting white glove service from a fast food joint, but our community deserves better than what we're getting for sure."
"TLDR: You can get the BTS meal here - two sauces and special bag included.

Never thought I'd be writing a review for a McDonald's, yet here we are. Was disappointed to hear that the purple packaging isn't available in the U.S. (@Corporate: missed opportunity!). Hesitant because the paper bag adorned with the BTS logo was not guaranteed to be available at all locations. Fears were quelled, as I saw other guests sitting outside, and the elusive BTS paper bag going for $70+ on eBay was elusive no longer. Utilized the self-service machines to order - quick and easy. Medium and large sizes available (opted for medium, which was more than enough food in hindsight). Liked the Cajun sauce more than the Sweet Chili sauce, but just a personal preference. Total of the medium BTS meal was $8.39 + 0.74 tax = $9.13. Food was nothing special; just happy to support the boys.

As always, please be kind to food service workers.

Borahae! ï¿½ï"
Worst mcdonalds ever. Always something missing with the order. How can you forget chicken nuggets in a Happy Meal. Imagine you come home and your child finds out there 
"Clean, new McDonald's with a new policy of lunch beginning at 11am - even though their menus start showing lunch at 10:30am... Found no mention of the change anywhere in the internet when checking for lunch start before going, so I had to sit for half an hour to wait for lunch....
One thing that is still classic McDonald's? Their poorly trained, rude staff. Don't assume I know that lunch is at 11 because ""it has been this way since we reopened"". Classic McDonald's - poor customer service experience..."
Worst McDonald's every they never get an order correct they never give ice in their drinks and serve warm soda! Takes forever to get the order then it is not correct! The phone number is out of service so you can't even call to complain! WORST MCDONALDS EVER!!!!
There used to be a play place and after recent construction I was taken away. No need to bring your children here anymore.
Worst driver though order experience, they give the order to someone else, when you ask where is your order then they take you recipe. No one cook your order until you ask them again.
New electronic ordering system, but the servers are not trained to use it.  Servers don't use the table placards and instead keep calling out order # to look for customers.  Also missing items from menu.  Location renovated and looks nice, staff is incompetent.
Recently renovated. Food tastes fresh and before the pandemic shutdown, the place was spotless. Offers 2 drive through order lanes for speedy purchases.
Very Bad experience. I was harassed by managers Named Rocio and Roberto. They brought a negative experience and were screaming at customers and employees...
I   m very upset with my recent visit. Part of my order was wrong and they won ½ï¿
Good local fast food service, located in the neighborhood at 73rd Avenue & Kissena Boulevard. People are always friendly, whether you eat in or take out. So pickup from sausage on a biscuit, pancakes with or without sausage, burgers, apple pie, coffee or fountain soda, at times has special promotions, nice variety menu.  They do have a kids room for parties,  Large parking lot or drive order menu board then drive up window and pay.  Opens early to late.
This particular drive through is nice and fast. Its easy to get a Big Mac, fries and a coke in less than 5 minutes. Staff is also very helpful all around. This is one of the faster drive throughs in Queens or indeed the five boroughs.
Went to the location on 73rd and Kissena Blvd. last night for the first time since the renovation.  It was a very nice experience.  The renovations was nice but most of all, the staff was so very pleasant and could not have been more helpful.  Such lovely people.  Thank you.
The managers are bad. They get your order wrong most of the time. Do not walk out without checking your bag. 15 minute wait at night. The Filipino manager doesn't know anything and usually have to be reminded by staff. Need to stick to Burger King. These other people posting positive things apparently work there because all you see is people returning with their order.
Place is spacious, clean, had parking, and 2 bathrooms.  But when I went they had no Automated teller machines, and only one Human Cashier during a busy time of day.  Completely inadequate.
This is my local McDonald's for the past 25 years. The owner/manager is always around keeping her staff ready to take the next order and pleasantly. The food is served as expected which is hot and delicious and the appearance of the store is upkept and maintained well. Drive thru cashiers could all improve on listening well and confirming orders. A smile goes a long way especially when they made a simple #2, large w/ coke to be complicated. After 25 years of coming to this McDonald's, I leave happy til next time!
"The best thing about this McDonald's is the cleanliness compared to most McD restaurants in Queens. The worst thing about it is the staff. They pay no mind to customers waiting in line to have their order taken even when it isn't even busy in the slightest. Sometime they don't give me my receipt. Sometime my order will be ready in the bag, but they'll set it aside, and realize it much later, as I watch them complete other orders wondering why mine is taking too long, and it turns out my order was read all along, they just never bother to call the number. I can go on and on... almost everyday it's something different.
Two stars is the best I can do."
Attitude with no straws or ketchup. I torture myself by coming here because I always hope the customer service will improve. The staff's unprofessionalism has helped me to decide to detox from fast food.
The worst experience ever. I was cursed at by an angry female employee. Which i heard from the other employees that she has done this before. They said the manager and her are either family or real good friends.
Never get my order right in the drive through then told to pull over we will bring your food in a moment. Defeated the whole point of the drive thru experiance dont you think. If it wasnt for my child wanting his happy meal, I myself always make it a point to skip this place.
We usually bought in this McDonald's but after a really bad service with the server. I didn't come back anymore also I try to solve my problem with the manager and he started yelling at me. I told him don't worry I will make a complaint with the Corporation but this not work neither. The woman who answered said every owner train their manager to know how to deal. Then I come few days later and the forget my ranch I said I will pay extra and they said no sorry only one is the only I can give you. And every time I come I buy 3 kids meal because my kids are 3.. The ½woman ½took the complaint but never contact me. Rude employees... I pay for 3 kids meal I was in the restaurant eating they forget my chicken nuggets in the 3 orders the ½woman ½who took my order found then the hispanic ½sy for that... Never you will see me here again we go to another McDonald's close to our house there's no kids playground but they treat you better.
Worst place ever! Young man on speaker does not listen to order and does not type it on the reciet all the time, girls in front are always lost and if something is written on the receipt they still don't read it. They also get annoyed when you ask for stuff to be fixed like more cream in coffee, or a sauce you did not which goes with the meal that was on the receipt, etc. Also very sloppy throw food in bag upside down like nuggets or tenders,  also don't wrap the sandwiches well and the papers all greasy, ketchup on top of fries. Always try to get orders out on an unrealistic timer ever for a fast food place and once that happens they close out the order and make you pull to the side to wait for food while 3, 4 people behind get to leave with there orders. It's ridiculous! Just give the whole order at the window this isn't a race and people everywhere else have to wait there turn to complete there orders and go. The weekend crew is even worse!
Missing items in order #1606 on 07/23/2022. You guys need to pay attention, it ½
Food is good but the customer service is terrible. They always have an attitude, I rather drive 10 mins further to the other McDonalds. I don ½
I wish I can give this a zero star. The employees fight over the food order, honestly the worst McDonald's place ever. They even charge 25 cents for barbecue sauce, while other McDonald restaurants just lend it over to you with respect.
Very slow drive thru. They pretended to accept and acknowledge my coupon when I placed my  order. When I pulled up to pay they charged me full price without telling me that they never input the coupon. Find another location,  because the people here don't do the job properly n
The staff is horrible, I have a problem almost every time I go and it's always the staff. Especially the managers.
I never ever ever complain but I've had enough of this place. Its the nearest McDonald's to my home and I will never come back to this location again. During the day they get my order wrong, during the nighr its even worse i dont even get my order! Its the only McDonald's that has issues all the time. I use my mobile app come in the drive tru its a hit or miss depending who is working some say next window pick up my order and good but then the guy says come inside....i tell him i picked drive thru not inside and he's like i dont do mobile orders. I go inside to the lady i tell her i have a mobile order i give her the number and all she does every single damn time is say wait over there by the other mobile people. 40 minutes later im just so sick and tired of waiting you would think they would ask what is your order or van we help you nope. I ask where is my mobile order i give the number again and they say oh i dont see it. I got so pissed that they wasted my time again that i just left. Other times they get my order and say i didnt pay im like yes i did the app has my card and i pay with the app. 5 minutes later the lady like well i dont see it u have to pay. I take out my wallet and shes like oh sorry i forgot to press pay on the touch w.e they use. Im just so sick and tired of this location. Its the only place that has alway and i mean always gave me problems nearly evertime i come.
I ordered big mac and ice coffee for my lunch , I had 30 min break so I ordered in advance, mobile order, i went there and I see my order on the screen , 15 min later my order is gone from screen no one khew about my order I spend my 30 lunch break waiting they give me a new bbidgmac n ice coffee different what I order !!!! Horrible
This McDonalds is ok but in the morning, I always have to worry about whether they are going to do my coffee right. The other day they gave me black coffee when i asked for light and sweet. Situations like this is a regular occurance.  In addition, there is a male manager there who yells at his employees all the time. Once he pounded on the drive through window and yelled toward me to get my attention. Not a very nice gesture at all.
This place is great,  you could order anything EXCEPT Milkshake. Everytime i order milkshake for my friend at whatever hour, it always, ALWAYS breaks down and they ask me if i wanted something else. I'm like...... " No, my friend is looking forward to that " But i had a feeling something like this is gonna happen. I just wish if the manager can order a repair on their machine. It's getting a bit ridiculous for something like this to happen everytime i order. So no, I'm not happy.
The food is okay when you're on the run. But I just walked into the men's room and had to run out. For an establishment that maintains a healthy profit, they absolutely need to update their 19th Century restroom accommodations. And come up with a maintenance schedule.
"This place is known to always get your order
wrong or they ask you to pull over so they can bring it out. Today my order was missing something when I asked why, the person at the window gave me an attitude and asked me pull out. By the way the person who took the order had a headset and she was on her phone."
"I'm here with my children to enjoy the indoor play area. However,  there is a manager male with earnings in both ears (for identification purpose only) who is extremely rude to the employees in front of customers.
He definitely need some business advice and a lot of common sense.  My 9 year old wanted to know why he is so upset at everyone. Whoever you are, please don't ruin your customers mood. I'm compelled to post this. Sad."
There's a asian worker that like to help people with McDonald's kiosks order if you want to learn and make your order more faster by yourself  ½ï¿½ï¿½ï
"I think this is the worst Mac Donalds I have been to . The worst customer service. A Spanish guy supposedly to be the Manager, was very rude to customers taking orders and was very  rude and nasty to  the employees giving orders.

He took my order and he didn't even know the menu. Gave the wrong order..
And he talked nasty to customers.

I think  MacDonald's head quarters should go and check up on this place specially on give a  training to employees and managers in how to  give an excellent service. But this is not a plasent place to have a Burger..

Sorry, for me I let my money there.. Shame on you MacDonalds."
Terrible McDonalds    I ordered a f ½ï¿
They're really quick most days. Have no issues redeeming offers from the app. If the QR code doesn't scan, they still take care of it. Kudos!
I Placed my order on the app on 7/21/21 and paid for meal through the app when I got close to the restaurant I place my order after arriving 10 minutes later my order was still not ready I stood at the pick up counter and had to fine someone to help me which took another five minutesThere was absolutely no one at the counter to help
They renovated this place for no reason. The staff forgot things in my order and not to mention that I had to wait long for simple stuff while people who came after me got their food and left. They gave my daughters the wrong toy and forgot food items.
The service was fast, maybe a little to fast. They didn ½ï
I order from grubhub here regularly today Iam absolutely shocked that there was a Large Coca Cola drink missing from my Double QP Meal. Iam absolutely Shocked and surprised at how Dumb these McDonald's employees can be if you Fail to Put a Drink In a Combo meal Order you should definitely not be working in Fast Food you need help and Iam absolutely stunned at this whoever prepared my meal today and Failed to put my Large Coke definitely has the mindset of a Medieval Wagon Donkey.
I am giving 1 star because you can't give a half. I will start driving another 20 min away before I come here again. IF YOU GO THROUGH DRIVE THROUGH CHECK YOU'RE ORDER EVERY TIME 10 out of the last 10 times I did order was wrong. Small fries have more fries then the large. If you order a Big Mack you will either get no mac sauce or more sauce then meat and bread. The staff is horrible drive through sucks and even if you go inside you will have to return to counter atleast 3 times before you get everything. This McDonald's has been here for ever and has been going down hill for the last year.
"BTS MEAL HERE IS NOT GOOD.

They have no BTS packaging.

There   s also only one sauce of the 2 available.
The soda "
Food was the usual fare, but the ordering process needs work. Asks for Table Number, but do not explain that you need to take a sign to ID your table.
Every single experience is not enjoyable. I just came from there, my receipt says 3:30pm and it's 3:45pm, I make it home to find that my order for a McDouble is just a regular cheeseburger, at that I was questioned on what I ordered at the takeout window. Next time don't question ME and make sure YOU have the right order. Waste of existence.
Not so good. Order drive through, but found out to food is not what I order (extra charge). Play ground is poor maintained. It is much worse now compared to my visit eleven years ago.
Nicest McDonald ½ï
Standard McDonalds, staff does not care and does not give you the time of day. If you are in a rush you may want to think of something else to eat as it takes forever, even if you go through drive through. If you ask for extra sauce (any more than 2) expect to pay additional charges.
This seems like a new building. But better than that is the super friendly staff! Every employee with whom we spoke was super nice, polite, helpful and smiling! Highly recommend this McDonalds!
This place sucks. 10 minutes for my order. The expeditor said someone else took my order. It was never given to me. When i get home, i dont see nugget sauce in the bag. Horrible service. While waiting for my order I observe the expeditor throwing food away becuase she messed up the order without serving it yet. Nobody touched it yet, why throw it away.
I rate them zero, the staff are nasty & unprofessional, especially the manager. I don't know how she's the manager? They have never heard of customer service. I hope they get shut down real soon.
staff were very nice, got my order right however the people that are usually in there are just so obnoxious, you're probably better off eating outside or taking it to go
I wanted to give it zero stars waited over 15 minutes for curbside pick  up  for my order which was 1 sandwich with my sleepy toddler in the car I walked in thought to see if they had it ready and maybe  didn   t have enough people to bring out because that   s always the issue at this location but as I walked in bunch of people high-fiving and talking asked for my order and instead of looking for it they wanted me to reorder it some how 1 sandwich got  lost and I am the only one waiting on the curbside  pick up ....  this is very disgusting behavior I unde
Poor customer service    doesn ½ï
Seems staff there didn't bring there brain to work, always wrong orders and slow, there was one time curbside pick wait 25 minutes, can you imagine that?
"Not a very pleasant McDonald's to visit.
#1 the area for the lines is small. So expect to be cramped when it's busy, and be confused as to where the lines are, and where they start.
#2 the employees are not friendly, I wouldn't say they're mean, but they obviously don't care about any pleasantries, or seem to care about you.
#3 there is no where in the store an area where you can grab napkins, or ketchup, or straws. You have to go up to the counter and ask them for packets and straws and utensils, during lunch time when lines are longer and it's getting congested at the counter, it makes it worse when people have to constantly come up to the counter and ask for something.

I don't recommend coming here if you want to stop and relax for food."
My 4 pc happy meal was missing 1 nugget in addition to a whole 6 pc nugget missing from my bag. I'm not sure if they cant count or cant read but I will not be spending money at this McDonalds ever again!
What can we say about McDonalds as a whole. This place inparticular is nasty. Yes, I do come in for coffee but I try to limit myself to that. Homeless hang out here, not saying they should be kicked to the curb but the place smells. The workers are ok except there is this one woman that has been there for like 2 years and has not mastered the art of the register. Don't come here about 3pm, high school kids are nuts. Anyway, I know this isn't new to lots of people but It was fun writing it. Thanks. Next time ill make coffee at home.
I order 2 happy meal nt given apple juice and didn   t give 
I recommend going here if you've ever cut me in line, chewed loudly during a movie, or screwed me over in general, as this place tends to take longer than most and taste worse too. I've gotten some poor service on multiple occasions. I'd say I won't ever be back, but this McDonalds is open late and too close to my house.
I'm doing Door Dash.. The servers are young they spend a lot of time talking to each other and Not paying attention to the window. Door Dash items are on the counter "Waiting" to be passed to drivers ½ï¿½
Went in a few moments ago and ordered a quarter pounder with cheese meal. Instead they gave me a 20 piece nugget and when I went back to exchange my order they gave me my quarter pounder ½ï
The cashier/attendent thats taking orders and collecting payments from the drive through talks to people as if she is barking at dogs. No professionalism.  As i took several bites into my burger there was a horrible taste.  When I open it to check the meet it looked like someone took a can of cat food, make a burger and give it to me half cook. I thing my cat food would tase better than the burger I received today here.
I went to McDonald's on Kissena Blvd in Kew Gardens Hills today and ordered an ice cream cone.  They said they have no cones they can give me a cup.  I said ok.  When I get to the cashier she charges me for a sundae.  I said to her why are you charging me for a sundae when i am just getting ice cream.  She said thats the only other option, I am charging you for a plain sundae.  I reiterated that a sundae is defined by ice cream with topping.  The cashier made me over pay for my ice cream in a cup. I didn't get a topping but she made me pay for one.
Standing at the counter for more than 10 minutes and the employees just keep ignoring us. There are at least six employees. We just need an ice creammm
"Good place for a quick lunch or snacks
They have so many things  to choose."
They have rude staff and slow service. I have anxiety and this place just triggers my nerves. Overall food is as regular as it can be I guess. Forgot the sauce or forgot the straw kind of service.
I almost always use the drive-thru and English is my first language and I'm born in New York City. That being said, numerous times I have been unable to understand the other person in the booth and they cannot understand me. Sometimes it is faulty intercom issues itself. But, often it is someone in the booth who does not understand or speak English properly! This is highly frustrating when I have to repeat my order as much as six times! Yeah, I said six times! Last weekend,  it was an Indian kid  who I could not for the life of me understand! And he could not understand me. A polite enough kid when I reached the booth, but seriously frustrating experience! Other times it's someone who does speak the language properly, or a close facsimile LOL but they are distracted by their phone. When I finally reach the booth to pay, often, and usually female LOL, the cashier is thumbing through her phone. McDonald's needs to set some standards for the people who work the drive thru. If you are face to face with a cashier with language issues, it's easier to deal with, but, Don't put these people on the Drive through intercom! By the way the food is just fine there. No issues on that end. LOL, work it out Mickey d!
Well. They finally put the right prices up on the drive thru menu. I asked for a coffee with milk with my meal they said "what size?" I said "whatever is included with the meal" They gave me a medium with cream and charged ne an extra $.50
Never get your order right at the drive thru.. theyvalso have you pull to the side and take forever to bring out your food.. hat this place
They renovated this McDonald's and it's huge now. It's still McDonald's but faster drive thru. Still open 24/7 and a good place to satisfy your McCravings
"Value 4/5
Taste 4/5
Service 3/5
Presentation of food 4/5
Appearance of the establishment 4/5"
Too many homeless people sleeping at night. Near the restrooms & nobody is taking them out of the place. It supposed to say "limit seating time 20 minutes" & worst of all. Nobody is renovating the place with the red shingles & the Playplace too. Please do something about this!
I have never visited a place like this McDonald's that can not get an order correct. While waiting for the correct order the cashier was complaining how tired he was.  I just want a correct order and enjoy it without hearing complaints.
unfortunately they are abit unprofessional
I bought ice coffe ..I told her give me light ice coffe .she mistakenly gave me sugree that's fine I went back .i was paying .that girl felt her mistake she said I will give you another one I said ok.one girl came with attitude and she said come and pay here ..she totally dont have idea how badly I can insult her with bad dealing. Just she is working female .I didn't say anything. I hope in future I will not face any problem..
Everything was fine, but once i ordered on app and chose drice thru to pick up. The employee was really impatient and sighed.
Upgraded but you have to double check your order as they will not give you ketchup or sauces unless asked  & still they will forget
Lots of noisy kids. Maybe because of the play place. Food is ok. Nothing worth coming back to!
As soon as I walked into this establishment I was greeted with friendly staff and a short line to wait on. The cashier Nia helped me pick out exactly what I wanted because I was indecisive and her recommendations really did help. Thank you once again and this is very rare to find a McDonalds as nice as this one
Pretty big store and a lot of tables to feel comfortable
By far this is the best Mcdonalds in Queens and Brooklyn. The staff and service is well put together. The food is always hot not like the other Mcdonalds. I've been here a few times awesome.
The employee directing people to use the kiosk was very helpful and I would have posted pictures but it was so good
This location is supposed to be closing in August for major construction and it will be replaced with a new McDonalds. This was my go-to McDonalds when I went to Queens College and I still come here on occasion. I will miss it for sentimental reasons and the staff here is usually friendly and not bad to look at. Hope it reopens soon.
Takes so fuxcking long to get Mt order ready like it's a just a ice cream tf
It looks clean, food is like any other McDonald's.  Disappointed the playhouse is not there anymore. That really made this place worth going to. Gave the community ties to this particular mc Donald's. I'll be going to the one thats closer to my house from now on. R.I.P. RONALD MC DONALDS PLAY HOUSE.   SINCE I COULD REMEMBER - 2020.
Service was terrible. Cashier ignored me until I spoke up. Items were not handed to us as they were ready so I reached over the counter and grabbed my 2 items.
The McDonald okay. Got my orders right. Go there for breakfast and dinner. Cant stand troublesome kids that hang in there sometimes, but it is not the  restaurants fault.
"A couple of edp's in here but the staff was friendly.
Staff is out of control today.manager yelling at everybody.nothing is going right.3/21/17
1/4/18 Amazing to see so many employees made it to work in this Blizzard today and seem happy.Good job!!"
Food is always great but you have be careful with the drive through.  They've forgotten things on my order a few times.
Every time I go here they make me go to the dam kiosk i don   t know why when I have cash in my hand and I   
I had good experience with this Mcdonals that   s why I always go, but today (08/27/20) as usual I went drive thru.... one lady (has fair skin, who knows what she is, very arrogant, no respect and doesn   t have any manners) she asked me what is this for when I gave the coupon and I said large fries ( my order is a large fries and caramel frappe) and using the coupon for fry... she said okay and told me my total is $14 !!!!!!!!!!! .... for a frappe and a fries.!!!!.. and screamed at me and said I asked you in the begi
It's better than most McDonald's I've been to. Quick service and the food is well prepared. Can't really ask for more.
New renovated McDonald   s but the food taste old. I bought an
"A nice place with good service. Coffee is hot and fresh and better than Starbucks! .  Get there early and it is a relaxing way to start the day.
McDonald's is classic American."
Staff went out of their way to help. Food was good and hot.
this place wouldn ½ï
DO NOT GO NOW - under renovation, there   s no drive thru either. Other than that they ½
These people Had me waiting in drive through for 10-15min
They can never get our orders right large or small. I'm always going back. This place has poor supervision. Everyone looks so unhappy. Worth driving to another location. Been coming back for punishment for 15 years hoping it would change.
It's McDonalds. Outdated. Needs a makeover. However, it's still McDonalds. We still go. Service is generally busy and rushed. Parking is plentiful on both sides. Food is okay, neither bad nor great.
"1- customer service is bad
2- except to wait 5 minutes to get the food
3- the fries and the food are nasty they dont taste good
4- from my experiences and whenever i go , i never heard as much biping machines as i heard in this place

This is the worst macdonald i have been at

Overall, would prefer to go to the other place near by ( arya kabab ) instead of coming back to this place"
I've only been here late nights so far but service has always been prompt. The workers are great and work efficiently despite all the people that come here.
Many people don   t have the time but just go on the drive thru and you will have great time cuz you speak to 3 people one takes your order one says the price and one gives you your order so if one is not being wat you
"What i most like from this McDonald's is the ground play, I took my nice an nephew and they got a good fun day, there is table inside the play area so you can eat and watch closely your kids...
Really loved this place."
The gentleman that was working there that afternoon was very helpful and friendly, thank you so much! You should be manager
Ordered via the app and received the food quickly. Fast service, clean and the food was fresh even though we went at peak lunchtime.
This day we tried the Mobil app love it but it needs to be where we don 
I had a good experience at my nearby McDonald's. I got a breakfast. Everything went well.
This is worst McDonald   s, literally I had to wait 20min to get my non fat ice latte. Worst n horrible service.! Will neve
Dec 26 this Mc Donald's is always poorly managed. Today they have no syrup for pancakes and no hot drinks only their awful coffee. I only come to this McDonald's because I'm doing my laundry next door. Otherwise I never eat here.
Just the average Mc Donalds nothing special. has clean bathrooms and is near a lot of other stores to shop at. A fun place to visit in general I guess.
Been here several times and every time the service is horrible. They need to hire better people. People that care.
"Gotta say...this is the best McDonalds around.  Drive thru is quick, and if you ask for ketchup or dipping sauce, they give you more than one.

Open 24 hrs, you can't beat that!"
"Newitem rib bread not so good   bread small and no vegetable and source too much
I Hope have some"
This mickey'd sux. They never get my order right, and they always put too much sugar in the ice coffee. Then when you tell them their mistake, they'll talk back to you as if you did something wrong. Word for the wise, ask for the receipt, just incase the workers don't believe you.
Clean and friendly! But don't order Uber Eats the food was cold! And they took longer then expected. I hate that waiting and waiting! 25 minutes late that's just not good service.
Why would anyone hate McDonald's?::::::coffee is inexpensive,oatmeal with fruits my favorite ::::I have only eaten fish sandwich with lettuce and tomatoes::::::::::my preference is whole grain bread however it is not on the menu
VERY BAD SERVICE. THE TWO YOUNG LADIES AT THE FRAPPE MACHINE WERE VERY RUDE BY NOT WANTING  TO SERVE ME. THEY WERE VERY AWARE OF WHAT THEY WERE DOING BUT KEPT PUTTING OFF FROM MAKING MY DRINK. I'VE SEEN CUSTOMERS WHO CAME AFTER ME LEAVE BEFORE ME. MY FOOD WAS GETTING COLD. VERY BAD SERVICE. TIME AROUND 11:30-12P.M
I had a food poison after having a 4c meal for my Thursday lunch.
"The young employee seem that she work for free (nasty behavior) the place looks like from the 70's very old and weird.
Food was very poor!!!
Macdonald's must review threir food and employees"
Staff is ok, and the order is a hit and miss. The food is just ok. I had better from them.
They totally redid the store, modernized and bright. The order kiosks help you customize orders and service is very fast.
If you order at the kiosk, they'll bring the food to your table.
Very good
Mcds not good I repeat not good can't seem to get anything right something is always missing fries always cold the chicken nuggets just ain't the same the ratio of patty to bun is ridiculously and that new chicken sandwich what a shame absolutely horrible
"This McDonald's has horrible service for the morning breakfast they will make you late for work.
Their morning management and workers need much more improvement, they make you wait as long as 15 minutes to receive your order.
Don't go to this McDonald's unless you plan on being late to work!!!!"
Great workers!
This place is severely understaffed. I hope upper management sees this and doesn't punish the workers instead of actually fixing the problem.
Forced to use kiosk to order even when lobby is empty.  Took awhile to get ice cream cones.  Clean.
Love this place is nice and clean the people that work there are so nice and polite they also bring your order to the table great place  ½ï¿½
I went to get iced coffee this morning and they say "we dont have iced coffee"
Sweet tea Sausage Biscutt $2.48 tasty filling and really cheap breakfast leave it to Micky D's to set the Bar High!!!
Very clean, love the new burgers, the the eating atmosphere. But McDonald's and my diet is just a once a month affair. Lol.
The usual McDonald's good drunk food. Crowed in drive thru service still pretty quick. Price went up a little not much still good deals
There should be an option to leave 0 Stars not one I was treated completely unfair I walk in & I gave my order, my order was wrong I kindly walked over to the other lady and asked her to fix my order, after waiting 10 minutes they took my food in the back snatched it out the bags slammed it on the table put the cheese on & tossed it back in the bag unwrapped and told me it's okay I asked for my money back and walked out,,, there needs to be a GM that comes and fix this place because it's a nice place good area but the staff sucks and there's no management leadership
The Food Here Is Great The Butter Milk Tenders Is To Absolute Die For The Wait Is Not Very Long And The Staff Are Nice. Great Fast Food Place And I Hope It Succeeds
Never come here after 10pm you will be waiting forever for your order literally 45 minutes.
Dont eat Mcdonals its not good for u lol
Chinese lady cashier refused to order. There is a app on the phone where it can have buy 1 get 1 free drinks.They force customer to buy the first drink if the second drink is free or not.
Professional and speedy staff. Tbh I don't eat here. Was at the drive thru for someone I was hanging out with at the time.
Excellent service and food...
Disappointed. They constantly mess up orders. I ordered sweet tea without ice, they gave me un-sweet tea with ice.
The food was very fresh. Although one man short, however they pulled it off. Amazing!
This place is very nice and clean. Most of the staff members are very friendly and has smile on them most of the time. Would repeat
Food was good but they messed up our order
My order was wrong, the staff is young impatient, unprofessional, to say the least. Don't eat here.
Will will not much new store but Amy sill there I left this store in 5/20/2003 as a assistant manager . And never went back to the store till now 17 years later and I ½ï¿½ï
I always buy ice coffee hazelnut I always ask for 4 cream and 4 sugar but you guys always make my order wrong please train your workers how to make ice coffee because I always drink half and throw the rest in the garbage because it does not taste the way how I want it
Worst Service Ever, They always mess up my order
How are you guys not busy but I ordered food at 330am it is 5:00am and the Uber eat driver telling me you guys aren ½ï
Efficient and reliable.
Workers walk around doing nothing while customers are lining by the numbers. Also they Skip people if some One they know come in that's totally unfair when I've been online for 35 minutes
I only use the drive thru here. They never give you a receipt unless you ask.
I went to get a iced coffee and they gave me the wrong size i ask to give me the correct one the manger puts a descrasefull hand in my face! THIS IS THE WORST MCDONALDS IVE EVER BEEN TO! IT SHOULD BE CLOSEDDD
Employee forgets to give me the drink which i payed for argues about me not prderinging it and when i showed him the reipct then goes on saying his coworker had msssed up amd its not his fault.
Go here anytime BUT OVERNIGHT. Overnight staff is very slow and cant speak english or understand English........When are the Robots coming? Im sure they can do a better job.
Food is great as always you can never go wrong with McDonald's but the bathrooms and the playground were not that clean in this location !!!!
Can I get mayo on that? We can give you mayo packets and you can add it. < McDonald's workers in a nutshell. AND THEY THINK THEY DESERVE $15 AN HOUR!?
Was great but now they no longer stay open late. Have to go to another one in next town over. Inconvenient..
Not friendly staff. Always have a wrong order
Service was horrible they were very disrespectful, and not following covid protocols.
service is good but I would recommend cashier to change their gloves when touching money, cleaning counter and then touching food at the same time.
Restruant I visit most, I hate after school it's too crowded, I hate late night it's too slow and rude workers. But I understand, and am grateful for unwavering service
It's not bad drive through wise, besides the facr that they allow homeless people to stay there, it has gotten better
they need to do something about the sprinklers next to the ordering board customers get wet while ordering beside that love the service
How is this 3 large fries?!
They are ok, they just need to get more organized, and need to have a better attitude.
Busy place, management need to make sure they clean their dining area more ofen.
Can't go wrong with mickey D's.
it's fast food. it's open 24 hours. there's free WiFi and plenty of seating. it's also clean. what more do you want?
"They charged me twice on my credit card, and then when i went back they were straight lying on my face
Even when i had my statement open...
Employees and managers needs to learn how to behave"
It's a loud McDonald's, staff is ok. I always use drive thru, don't like to stay there too much noise.
Nice place & a tad bit busy but you got to make sure your orders at done correctly
Great store. Manager stephanie is the best. Very kind and professional. The store always clean and very fast service
slow service for drive up- both times i've  been there
Kids love this MacD because it has very safe and interactive play space...good service and sitting place...its difficult to get kids out once they enter this MacD...
This McDonald's is ok compared to other locations  , definitely in need of a modern renovation,  limited seating and full of old people hanging out
Food was fine, but they got part of my order wrong twice. However, they were responsive in correcting the matter.
McDonald's is a nice fast food restaurant in a beautiful & quiet neighborhood. It   s near to the Q25 & Q34 
Possibly the worst Mcdonalds in Queens. The service is absolutely terrible. I saw a rat in between the two entrance doors. The employees had done nothing about it. Disgusting.
Areas are generally clean and the staff are good natured.
This place was very nice, I was there with my daughter and grandsons in the play area, it was full of other kids and we were very relaxed watching the boys play.
Friendly staff. The touch screen machines are easy to use and there 
Professional staff, clean environment, almost no wait time to get my order.
Food is always served at the right temperature.  Staff is on point. Is clean and suitable for breakfast lunch and dinner
Late night crew horrible there is no one at the register everyone is hiding in the back and the short asian manager has a disgusting attitude and barely speaks english food was cold and my hamburger bun was stiff meat was horrible
The service is lack, because of the internet orders. There is not enough of personnel to handle the cashier to receive the walk in orders. Very disorganized personnel, and they need supervision.
Soda was sour like they didn   t set up the machine right. Somehow the sandwich station mi
It was the end of the school day, alot of teenagers chasing each other through the place, s reaming yelling bumping into people acting like thugs. Management did nothing
"Please somebody do something about the night/overnight  service..  it's terrible
My daughter always wants chicken nuggets and fries. But usually take me 30 - 40 minutes to get it"
The worst service ever!!!! The night managers are horrible. The workers are unenthusiastic  and seems to just be going through the motions they never greet you they seem to follow the mood of the managers
No refills on drinks owner keeps ac on low making it hot inside. School kids sit at all seats taking up space and are noisy.
The food is normal but always check ur nuggets some might be missing or the whole container as well!!!
Good customer service very clean nice and neat fast In-N-Out
Clean and friendly staff, typical food. Great service bring food to your table
Always seem to end up with missing items from my orderï¿½
"Express no waiting long time
Very respectful ."
It doesn't matter how many nuggets you get you have to fight for the sauce. It's so annoying!
Is good because it has a play area for the kids. However there are a lot stranger who might approach you to ask for money.
Great food and the drive-thru is pretty quick too
Human meat r mixture in their chicken products.tjeir slushies n milk shakes,chocolate chip frappe all their drinkable product r fine
Sometimes they cant handles all orders... But so far its good
Used the drive-thru. 1 window pay 1 window pick up. Fast once you place your order.
The apple.pie is everything....yummy with a smile
This McDonald's has a group of homeless people that take up many seats by the bathrooms. Unfortunately, they add a bad odor to the area where they congregate.
Terrible hospitality from the one taking orders; she needs a break or let someone else take care of customers.
Excellent place. Have been a long time customer for many years.
8 times out of 10 there will be missing something from your order when going through drive thru
The updated McDonald's is more efficient and able to quickly process through their customers
Just okay the place was clean but the attendant wants to me to order from the kiosk and I wanted to be a real person and talk to a real person at a register she would not let me send it was not a good experience
McDonald's service and good taste are declining rapidly and they do not care. And they do not care. All they care about is collecting the cash.
Cashier is kind. Well dressed, and well mannered.
Customer service was excellent and the food was fresh! Awesome
The worst Mcdonalds I've ever visited. Managers treat employees as animals. They also have poor customer service.
Waited in the drive through line for 40 minutes
Literally messes up orders consistently. Always something missing or instructions not followed.
Bad service and some of the cashiers have a nasty attitude.
Their staff is very rude & make wrong things
I love McDonalds is is the best fast food restaurant that i have gone to in me whole life. One of the great things about this place is the great food selections and great prices.
I used to pick up food from this place 3-4 times per week. Why did I stop? The staff behavior, insanely rude.
Good service and quality but bad food making, the cheese and ingredients fall out the burger a lot of times
Well-maintained location, however, order fulfillments are not swift/timely.
Don't eat McDonald's, it's not good for your body.
Totally ignore my order and ask the customer to walk over to the other side of the store to pickup their order when they should walk to the customer instead. Manager is nowhere to be found.
Don't even cook the food correctly when you walk inside. That's why I always go through the drivethru SMH !!
They still mess up your orders and don't give you any condiments
Strange drive thru entrance; quick service. Packed with students from nearby high schools around 2-3pm
Nice and organized store. Good quality food
Charged me for one thing and I recived another, because the cashier was rushing...not nice. The food as usual.
Easy no contact pay. Quick & efficient drive thru service
Excellent bathroom when I really needed it! Thank you Mickey D's!  ½ï¿½
Worst McDonald ½
Quick Service good food and the restroom is  extra clean, ample parking.
Convenient location for a fast food restaurant, friendly staff, ample seating, quick turnaround time.
Bro they always get my order wrong
Standard iced black coffee, from 250-01 Northern Blvd, little neck store. Give your employees a reference!!
Fast service great quality can't go wrong with McDonald's
Store now sucks, very few items on menu at high prices, rude cashier.
Used to be a great McDonald's but since they rebuilt it hasn't been the same.
They can never get your order right.
Good Food but Mchicken made me destroy my bathroom.
Good parking lot but seems like they are short with staff as it's dirty inside with garbage container fully loaded
It's a McDonald's no more no less.  They are polite and quick
"Not a good McDonald's location. No free refills.
Good was not very good compared to other locations."
Shakes are always  good here and french fries
Every time they give the order less than my order
Typical McDonald's. Parking lot and drive thru not well-planned. Good bathrooms...
The manager is so unprofessional and disrespectful. She literally needs to get a better attitude.
Clean cool super place in queens . Thanks.
It's awesome experience, staff was very friendly nd nice.
Bad service worse neighborhood you will get robbed
Courteous staff and fresh food are the strong points of this location
Unless it's the afternoon staff service is horrible. Always screwing up my orders.
They reopened after being closed since last summer for reconstruction and the place is wonderful.
As far as McD's go... This one is good... Usually get quick service... Cleanliness is good...
Sometimes slow in the drive in all prices went up
Workers can be rude and nasty but great food!
Went to this location with my nieces and nephews and they enjoyed the indoor play yard.
Nice, place is very clean, fast service - friendly staff
Horrible service from Manager Stacey at stir 3162.  No apology for messing up my family's order.
Service is good and restaurant and bathroom  are Clean. Some items are really good
The place is pretty big and not very crowded. Has a good place for children to play.
Beautiful appearance,  very clean,  and have hug play area for kids to enjoy themselves
Fast service. Food warm. Lots of people moving through quickly. Lots of school kids..make it noisey
Bad service, Chinese lady cashier refused to put order for me. They said here can't use coupons in app. Really bad service.
Service is too slow and the cashiers have no manners the place is under no order need new management
Wait is too long good cheap food friendly staff
no one answer at driver thru
"Liked it
Loved it
Enjoyed my meal  "
Could be better with some deals as holiday season is here
The worst McDonald's I've ever been to 
There is a Lady that seems to be the manager that knows all about work in there, has a nice area for kids to play
"I waiting for five minutes nobody service me
My order is sitting on the table nobody give it to me"
Ordered Large fries no salt was added
Always good food here. Fresh and fast!
Staff was too busy having a conversation in the back instead of helping
Sometimes it hard to use WiFi in McDonald. That mean you can not use coupons to purchase.
All of those workers got an attitude. They act like billionaires.
Food no fresh!!! The burger seems like made long time ago.    ï¿½
OMFG!!!! THE ABSOLUTE WORST MC'DONALDS THAT I HAVE EVER DRIVEN THROUGH. WORST SERVICE EVER... NO APOLOGIES!!! Good luck to whom ever drives through that place.   ½ï¿½
For a very busy area the Mcdonalds here is very outdated and in need of serious renovation the lights outside dont work and inside seems very retro
Staff are always nice
Is back service
I like ordering here coz they allow me use bathrooms
Newly renovated but we visit the drive thru
Drive through is not open 24/7
It,s a,great place to take the kids to enjoy the food as well the indoors playroom
The food was horrible, and they kept making mistake s on the order
"good, especially after renovation
very busy but not problem"
I love how they have re-renovated the place and I like that they bring the food to the table
Can 
Very unprofessional rude manager
Drive through has two ordering lanes. Fast drive through service
Slow as hell takes took 35 minute to make a big mac and 10 tenders
Every single time I came here they always mess something up, then I have to waste time and rejoin the drive through line.
Newly renovated with new crew under going different customer style so a little chaotic.
Clean dinning dining area and quick and friendly service.
Fast delivery, order was on point. Great overall service
lines go quickly and it has two drive through
Love the grand big mac. Nice staff, great food
I like self served soda fountain
Great location..food and awesome drinks
It's the second night that I  come drive true no ice cream to bad
The meat needs to get cooked better and the service needs improvement
Quick service
Been utilizing this franchise location for over 20 years. Love it!
My kids love this place
Service is bad. I asked sauce they didn't gave to  me...
Missing food three times a week, idk what were they doing
Drive through is super fast and food is always fresh
The service is bad. The cashier is no prepare dollar bill for change. Let customers wait a time. So poor service.
Great staff, clean place and fast service!
I always love sitting outside eating my lunch or dinner
WARNING! THEY WILL TOW YOU IN 2 MINUTES FLAT IF YOU BUY THERE BUT STEP INTO THE DRUG STORE NEXT DOOR
Worse service ever. Cold meal , slow service not coming back.
Good food, nice new change style
Friendly and quick service.
Very good. Food is good. Price is good. Service is excellent.
It's ok need better customer service
The restroom was not clean, utensils are not in outside,  u have to ask them to get it
Spac9 parking lot. Mobile order was waiting when I arrived.
This McDonald 
Still not allowing customers to eat inside,??
Worst customer service . Received a burgher without lettuce tomato and sauce. Disgrace to the chain
The food was not that great the chicken sandwich was very dry.we order 4 meals of the same and it all was terrible.
The managers have an attitude for no reason.  Haven't been there for long time.
It's always my quick stop for fast food
Who found these employees.......Completely rude and lost souls
Bunch of non speaking English Indians running this joint. They can't understand my order, gave me the wrong food. Speak English  !!!!
Dirty bathrooms, horrendous food. Teens hanging out in groups without eating. Scary place.
Nothing to complain
Drive thru service very fast.
2 times they gave me the wrong order. How hard is it?
"There are people sleeping at the tables
There are people fighting and cursing in the restaurant. It's not a place to enjoy."
Lots of people, but manageable line and service is okay
Boring fast food joint.......not the same any more
Nasty, bathroom is nasty, smells bad no napkins,  poor service cheap cheap cheap,
Clean. Easy. Fast
The manager is always stressed and doesnt know how to behave
This McDonald's was very busy but clean and spacious
Very clean,Employees nicest people l met.
The workers was fast in serving my order
th ½y 
Lousy , can't make 1 good drive thru order
This is a family McDonald I recommend it cause it has a playground inside specially for winter time
Good and fast. Gave lots of sauce of nuggets.
Lunch served as early as 11am on the dot. No exceptions.
Great drive through!  Fast!
They still tend to get the orders messed up
Just like any other McDonald's. No bad experiences from this branch.
I used uber driver got lost and my food was cold and now prepared to my request
Service here is fast .... And the staff is very welcoming
Awesome place very good crowd and cooperative we staff...
forget give me ice cream every time
Clean and the food is well prepared
Got my order wrong and went back they got it wrong again!
There food is disgusting they don't clean and the food is made out of spiders that place is the worst worst worst worst worst worst worst place I've ever been before
Official home of the Big Mac great place to grab a bite to go or dine in...
This retailler,slow and mix up orders,no maners from staff,ongoing.
Curbside pickup = Easy, quick and a little safer ..
This place service not very nice they don't care what customer asked and rude
drive thru was quick & easy!
Very crowded after school. Sometime food can be mixed up.
Terrible
Tasty food, new design, clean place, cool features and technology.
This place is very dirty even the playground where the kids are playing even it was vomit ,,, We couldn ½
They are the cheaters! For one order they're charged me two times!
Drive through is 3 times slower then other locations in greater Queens area
My order was wrong bathroom was dirty tables want clean
Took way too long to get my food and only one cashier open
Miss how it used to look but the food is fresh
Good food
good fast food esp when ordering the specials
Don't purchas the nuggets after 11pm cold hard and overall just not good
Exactly what you'd expect, from McDonald's, and 24 hours, too. Awesome.
Service is fast and in a timely manner has parking
Love their egg McMuffin and hash browns
I thought it was good but my mom thought the biscuit we had today was nasty
Drive through was smooth and service was good
What can I say, it's MCDs, when the craving hits there's like no other.
Worst drive Thru ever, don ½ï¿½ï¿
Fast service, drive thru, friendly staff.
very fast service and excellent coffee.
Good food, Helpful workers!
Good they have play area for kids
Fast food that tastes great ï¿½ï
Not kosher use to chill with my first wife here
Pretty good especially at night on Saturday when the munchies kick in
Perfect thanks  ½ï¿½ï¿½ï
Every time I order food from here, I always end up sick. EVERY TIME!!!!
Sad you can not eat inside
Fast and great services
Fast and very convenient.
Fast service good customer service no complaints
Very good customer service
Best person mary roettger so nice
Drive through staff sucks!
Fast service, great people, and a good environment.
Its maccers and its open 24 hours. Gets you out of a pickle if you are hungry
Food gets worse and worse as the years go by.
The 2 for $4 is the cheapest you can get for breakfast. Very filling.
Hours for very it's best to go inside in order
Dirty restroom but good service !
Poor costumer service, staff arguing with costumers for asking questions.
It was good great customer service recommended
Staff are not friendly and sometimes rude.
We love its French fries and chocolate frappe
Its ok, only 3 stars because a/c never works.
Terrible considering that they don't have control of those school kids who are so rowdy
The service has gotten much better.
Kiosk was friendlier then the employees
The young woman employee is  very rude, she does not care what you say, always lost something.
Very clean establishment my food was hot
The service is always bad the employees are rude everything is always broke
Great place worker are nice too.
Very polite servers and fast service.  ½ï¿½ï¿½ï
Very busy placr. Always packed with customer's
I got problem with mobile order and the manager not willing to help.
Very polite. Clean. Order very accurate.
Very slow service especially at the drive thru
Food is ALWAYS fresh!!
Favorite place no matter where I m lol
Their credit card machine is always down most of the nights I come
Prompt service and good food (for fast food that is. )
Food tasted bad and there was a fight inside the place
Clean and friendly staff.  Play area for young children can be a real godsend.
Went through  drive through normal customer service
I love the way they attend you
Very quick service.  Courteous staff.
Above average fast food restaurant, fresh food and clean.
rubbish service
Friendly employees and good food.
Majority of the workers don't speak English and the ones that do are mad rude
Its terrible,  the play place is always dirty, the food is cold,  ½ï¿½
Play area for kids inside. Delicious ice cream.
nothing to complain.. just your regular mcdonalds.
Usually crowded, nice staff. Place needs an update.
Most of the tables aren't cleaned.
Not bad. McD is McD
Newly renovated. So far , so good
This place shouldnt even be open. Super nasty.
It sucks staff don't speak English and they are not taking credit cards
Good
absolutely delightful. amazing. life-changing.
Good on most days,  not very friendly
No Sundae no ice cream ridiculous
Staff is extremely rude and disrespectful.
Drive thru service took a long time
I like McDonald's is very nice
Very fast ,very helpful and very nice.
24/7 great service
Higher prices than other McDonald's
I am a person that is going to close restuants, i am going to be there in 15 minutes sharp
Bad attitude, very rude to customer.
"Just a regular McDonald restaurant
Nothing special"
Good food, great service
The service Its pretty Good
Fries r bangin but dis place succx
The same   The food always tastes the same
Only go in for the chicken nuggets an DC unsweetened tea with Splenda.
Staff was not responsive No condiments supplied
Always busy and over crowded with middle school and high school students at lunch and after school.
Remodeled location with extremely unpleasant staff
Unprofessional worker. And take too long to make food.
Rude drive through
Service is quick & fries are fresh!!!
Pizza
They have stepped up their efforts in iced coffee
It's okay not bad
A great place to have some coffee
This place is great for kids to play when the weather is  not great.
The worst McDonald's, the worst service.
Coffee is always good ,warm and fresh.
Filthy and disgusting. Looks like they never clean the place.
They always give me the wrong salad...
Love getting my iced coffee here
Fresh food good polite service
VERY, VERY BAD SERVICE ON DRIVE THRU.
Inside beautiful, anything is new design
Speedy service whenever I visit
This place is fine!
Don't eat fast food. Once in a blue moon the breakfast.
Fries are always less in the box
Always has disgusting smelly homeless people lying around
Good, modern McDonald's.
Poor attitude, slow service.
Ice cream cream cookie and mad girls  ...good eats
Ok, packed, usually get the order wrong
Always reliably good.
I wish  someone  would  learn  to put a burger  together
Family box not a bad deal..
Customer service is not good.
Drive thru experience ok
Didn't have my order
Always getting my order wrong
Hate this McDonald's managers are so rude to everyone
All they give you are melting ice cream.
Could be cleaner, could have friendlier staff.
Quick but very busy.
Extremely long lines. Order is never right.
They have a play place for the monsters ,need i say more!!
My mom loves the coffee.
Always has fast service!
Fast service and great staff
20 minutes for a mcflurry & soda.  Ignored when asked about it.
Very accessible place, clean and nice
Look old. Not clean place
Service and cleanliness could be better.
The food and service was excellent!!
Nice clean and friendly service
Lowest mcdonalds
Do not eat there got apple pie for friend
Would not easy there even if it was for free
It's worth it if you have the mobile app
Clean please. Good service.
Littely the best fries
Service was quick and good.
I mean today they have everything today so  ½ï¿½ï¿½
i found mousa man great guy
Customer service could be better
Fast service. Room temperature food.
The old one was better
Very clean and nice people
Sometimes slow, but have improved.
The app will always draw me back here
Fast worker give them props
Service is good, place is clean
Not clean place. Poor service.
Sometimes they serve old food here.
Hair in Food so be careful
Nice, warm & friendly place.
Not good, staff isn't that friendly
I would NEVER SPEND MY MONEY THERE AGAIN
Best McDonald's in Queens !
They take a little to long there
average run of the mill Micky Dee's
Average. Food was good
Very good food
Nice staff
Spacious, clean, big kids playground
Lots of parking, fast, reliable, good
Quick & efficient service!
Quick service and VERY clean
Great service
It's really good here!
Thank good they remodeled
Always check ur bag.
Ok
Tasty..
Enjoyed their breakfast sandwich
Horrible and disgusting. Avoid at all cost.
It's the worst it gives you obesity
too much, long waiting very crowded
Great deals with the McDonald's app
Super  fast service
Good food
Listening is key and thank you for that.
Family place,great foodï¿½ï¿½
Pretty fast service
McDonald's is Poison. Don't Eat
Always the best service!
Nice people working there
Great deals and prices.
Bugerking was dry. Not juicy.
Too crowded, slow service
incompetent employees
Very nice people
ýýýý ýýý
Good place to grab a burger
Workers are barking too baddddddddddddd
Mediocre service always crowded
Its mickey d's
Love there service
Quick and friendly service.
Drive thru person inattentive
Poor response from delivery counter
It is a mcdonald's nothing speacil
A little slow and outdated for sure
Every order is always wrong
Nice 2 for 5 is back
Fast and efficient
Fast and efficient
Beat costumer service
chinese lady is bad service
memories!
Fast and efficient service
Love the fresh  fries
Omg the lord of fast food
Very dirty and bad assistance
It's McDonald's..... What can you say?
Nice new decor.
double cheeseburgers please
Slow people working in this place
ýýýý ýýý
Great food and services
Breakfast here!
Enjoyed the service and food
Very good food
Efficient and fresh food
Bad customer service
A little slow with service
Raw meat this fresh meat is trash
Good food
Excellent service, friendly service.
Little filthy and especially playground.
On a busy corner with poor parking
Kool spot
Okay good
Worst MCDONALD'S IN NEW YORK
Great Fast Service
Clen place, nice personnel
STILL IN REMODEL. NOT OPEN!
Big play ground for kids
Awesome stuff and food
Fast and friendly service
Play places are alway closedï¿½
Just your regular McDonald's restaurant.
chinese lady bad service
Very quick service
Love the French fries
Spacious
Quick and efficient.
Went down hill for me.
Bathroom is smell bad.
Not bad
Good food
Grt food
Too croud
Good food
Love the quarter pounder
Employees are no friendly.
Was great
Good service,clean
Very good
Need better service
They are slow!!
It's ok
Fast drive through
Rude employees
Rude behavior by the staff
Long wait
Good
Good  
The place is a gold mine.
Nice
The lady at the first window
Good
Always busy and hectic
Standard McDonald's.
Busy one.
Service was ok
It was fast service
Only as a last resort
Fast food good coffee
Very busy
Its McDonalds. You already know
Good food fast
New renovated
It's ok
Good service
Cold fries, dry bread
I hate them.eeeeewwwwwww
Excellent
Food is fresh!!
Don ½ï¿½
G BBC
Bum city
I don't like
Great
Just fair
Typical Mickey D's
ýýýý cool ýýý
Great food
Awsome experience
its ok
Good.
It ok.
Great..
Okay just okay as expected
Quick & efficient!
Totally renovated
Horrible neighborhood
Best place ever
Good crisp food
Hot and Fresh
Good
Clean and fresh..
Great service
Great  service
Service is slow
Is local and near transportation
ITS NIPLES ARE NICE
Its okay
I like it  
Nice and clean!!
Excellent 
Love it
cleaner than most ...
Terrible service
Good
Great service
Service declined....
AMAZING
Prices are over prices
Only place around
Yummy
Good
Good
Its food
Best staff
Staff was rude
Nice
It sucks
Nice and spacious
Fresh food.
Gross.
Service sucks
Good services
Average, average & average. That's it
Good services
Nice renewal
Notso good
Cheap!
Just kill yourself
Fast and good
Clean and quiet.
Nice and clean
I love food
Trash
Yuck
Great
Quite..
bad service
Its was good
Good service
I like it
Ok
Ok
It's awesome
An old reliable
Love
Fast service
Good McFlurrys
Eh it's McDonald's lol
great service
Average place..
Good
It was good
Good
Good
Good
nice and easy
Not that good
No specials
Good
good
Great place
I couldnt find it
Good
Equal
Nice
Ice coffee ï¿½
Good
Poor service
Great
Good
Too slow .......
Nasty
Delicious...
Nice
Friendly staff
Good stuff
Good
AMAZING
Dirty
Excellent
Average McDonalds.
Change seating
Fast service
Trash
Fast service
Good is good
Fast service
Neutral
Legit
Typical
Dirty
Nice place
Duh
ýýýýýýýýýýýý ýýý
Nice place
OK
nothing
Okay i guess
Poor
Good 
Too ratchet
Dollar menu.
Gaby crassus
r a little
To DIE FOR
Fresh fries
Regular Mcdonald
Great McDonald's
Its mcdonalds....
The big Mac
Comfortable
Its mcdonalds
It's McDonald's
My kids favorite
I used to eat here when my kids were little because there is a play area just for kids. Now the playground has been dismantled and redecorated, adding seats designed for the elderly, two extra-long tables, and a self-service ordering screen. The outdoor parking lot has also added a self-ordering place, and you can scan the QR code with your mobile phone or download the APP to complete the order.
Good afternoon, I have visited this business several times, there is an employee who attends as if she had a rage all the time, she attends reluctantly
Mc, a guarantee but I expected a little more cleaning.
The good thing is to take away because to eat there you refuse
A very cool place to share with the family
Excellent service     ½
Although it is said to be open 24 hours, but if you go late, only the car passage is left. And they are all old ink with no service attitude at all. Very slow to order. Very slow to order. Very slow to order. Important things are said three times.
Lao Mo's attitude towards ordering food is extremely bad! It doesn't matter if you look down on people like a dog leg! Staff with such an attitude please come too!
Lao Mo's attitude towards ordering food is extremely bad! It doesn't matter if you look down on people like a dog leg! Staff with such an attitude please come too! It is estimated that the manager is also a raccoon dog~ rubbish! Rubbish! Rubbish!
Today I came and everything was very dirty, the part where the soft drinks are refilled and the floor very dirty
"I love this McDonald's location for its easy access in Flushing, NY.
Especially since the staff is very professional and respectful, and I must mention that they can serve customers in different languages, including Spanish."
The service is lousy, the place is dirty, I hope they renew it soon, it is a home for homeless people, they already have their chairs marked where they sit. On one occasion, I went out to pick up my car and 5 people were smoking marijuana and it is getting worse and worse. It is nobody's MacDonald I hope it changes with your renewal.
I don't go there often, the fast food is simple and convenient, and occasionally there are big discounts, so I need to download the app. The environment is average.
Not long after the renovation, it is very clean and the service is very good. I remember it well.
All good
Of the last 5 times that I have gone, the 5 times something is missing from my order, the hamburger is not what I order. ï¿½ï
I had sex with an employee but she was black and had cirrhosis, put healthy people
Excellent, the person suggested the best menu for us and they were very attentive
Super good
It is clean but they do not turn on the heating in the children's area and the manager ignores this request
There was everything on the clean menu and friendly employees
It is an excellent place with very good customer service, clean and Asian
The environment is good, it is convenient to order food, and the distance between the tables is large
We arrived, as it was somewhat early. Everything was closed and the salvation was Mc Donalds
Very clean
I love
They forget to put sugar but the service is fast
It is a good place to eat fast food, it is clean and the service is fast. I recommend it
Good service attitude, fast food delivery, less queuing time
it's too bad
It is very clean and well cared for and it has room for children to play
delicious apple pie
A very cozy place, and with good attention, kindness in the staff.
Excellent very good attention spectacular prices
Good 
Kids love the kids menu.
Very small McDonald's much better hamburgers in Colombia
The food is like anywhere the problem is that they make you look bad
Clean and convenient! Good attitude
Excellent Place 1 (A)
I liked
Quick service and good food
Excellent 
I especially love the fliet o fish
Very clean and good attention
Nice. A typical McDonald's
Excellent 
The attitude of most people is still good
Good 
Very rich
Well, they are cautious because of the pandemic
I love Fridays hahaha
Ah OK
It will always be the same
Excellent service
fast and good
Good service kindness
Well
Quick and clean.
Bery nees atenthion
They don't sell salads.
excellent
come on!
Good service
It is quiet and comfortable.
Good attention.
Filthy AF
I do not consume on site
Excellent 
It's good
Good 
Rich is the chicken
Excellent 
I love
Excellent 
Good 
Poor 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Poor 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Terrible
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Poor 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Terrible
Excellent 
Excellent 
ext
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Convenient
convenient
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Good food
24hrs
Excellent 
Excellent 
ýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýý ýýý
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Terrible
Poor 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Poor 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Poor 
Excellent 
Terrible
Excellent 
Poor 
Good 
Neutral
Neutral
Good 
Good 
Neutral
Neutral
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Visited this location for breakfast. The place is very small, better for take out. Ordering is easy on the screen. The waiting time is considerably ok based on the high volume of clients they serve, however I do recommend to check your order at the time receiving it in the counter. I didn't have any inconvenience, probably because I only order a coffee, but 5 min waiting time were enough to see several clients complaining for a missing item. I think I waited too much for a coffee, but I understand they were really busy. The coffee was good as usual.
From cleanliness to freshness to the fast customer service 5/5 stars. Ordered online typed am here and voila order is called out. Each table marked that it was cleaned and ready for next customer. I also experienced the professionalism of the people behind counter. Outstanding
McDonalds was great! The food tastes like in Ukraine or in Europe! Fried potatoes was amazing and the gave us : cheeseburger, 1liter cola and fried potatoes for 5.49$! It was very cheap!
Thursday at 2:56 am. I went in here to order. A very unfriendly and rude guard sits table and he says,    Yo close, yo close.    However, two other customers were ordering using the kiosk. I tried to argue with him, but I just left because I didn't want to talk to a rude person. McDonald's is a big company. If they have cleaning hours, they must notify Google. This early hour should not cause customers to walk in vain to this place. They are wasting their customers' time and are not considerate. Because of these little things, McDonald's image
It is a 24 hr location, when I arrived and tried to order & use the restroom I was told the restroom was closed. I said I will order right after my use of the restroom but they still rejected with rude attitude. I already told them I   m having shivers and can ½ï¿
The homeless are a huge problem, yesterday a woman snatched my     off the table while I was eating, I had to wrestle with her to get it back she's cursing and screaming me, the staff everyone stands there watching. McDonald's stores have a real problem with the homeless. The second big issue is that this McDonald's is right across from Madison square garden a very busy area, every day a 3 pm right before it gets busy they close the upper level of seating, and then instruct you to sit with strangers. The deals are nice and the loca
Can't complain, I love the grab and go style as I'm looking to catch a bacon egg and cheese biscuit and the 707 train to--
Came here at 430a... thought it was supposed to be open 24 hours...  saw a mcd employee inside.., and he had the door tied off with a trash bag... said they were closed... idk bout that... seemed a little off...
Food is standard McDonald   s, but touch screen ordering is very convenient to visualize options and service was very fast, in spite of the restaurant being busy. Big plus that the location has thr
"Most of the staff were nice but what peeves me is the quality of drinks...
The coca cola needs to be calibrated correctly [ more syrup] BUT THE ICED TEA TASTED LIKE COFFEE!!!
After i walked all that way for take home.
As a stockholder I LOVE MCDONALDS...but not today."
At 2:34 pm 1/22/2023 the manager working there with the mole on her face made very racist remarks behind their back to the customers ahead of us and was very rude to me and my wife when asked for an extra straw since the paper straws never last. Disgusting behavior and attitude coming from a manager. 0/10 would not recommend.
Too many thugs and homeless nearby and bit slow for fast food but that might be due to busy orders. The fries definitely need some more salts, eating no raw fries are just horrible
"accident with a UPS truck and  Tesla
About a week ago nearby Macy's  7th and 6th avenue have to be closed for 4 hr"
"It is very clean McDonalds. And stuff is very pleasant) we ordered French fries online and came a little bit later. So stuff changed a French fries for new warm one (and we never asked about it).
We love this place!"
very spacious with three floors and very clean, its fries are very crispy and the service is  
Very good food, Very nice workers, the place is looking good. Go there and enjoy
I gave it 4 stars because this McDonald's is very clean staff are very nice respectful tends to ur needs if their is some.They have a second fl. Where the bathroom r clean also inspire the crowd.I come in early because is quite if u need a place to work or homework. Actually there is a third floor also very spacious.
Food was bad. They barely put special sauce on Big Mac. I couldn't really taste the sauce at all.
Very nice and clean, kiosk booths are user friendly for ordering and paying for your food. Just watch out for folks soliciting you for any spare change. And they be touchy. Not cool.
My experience was awesome like fact that is clean and futuristic. Will definitely come again when I'm around.
It's an okay place. If you need somewhere to take the weight of your feet, this is a good place.
Pretty average for mcdonalds in the city. Convenient location by penn station. Limited sitting.
The workers need hair nets and gloves.
It is very clean McDonalds. And stuff is very pleasant) we ordered French fries. so great
The place wasn't clean, 4 seats upstairs closed,no place to sit.
Busy, so busy, it's hard to know when your foods ready if tour not standing up there the whole time. But is across from Pen Station, given the area and associated expectations of large crowds of people,  service was good.
Employees were friendly and courteous. Quick service and food was fresh.
Well staffed on the weekend. Clean and efficient service. Food is prepped on 2nd floor and ride conveyor down to be bagged. I don't like the idea of not being able to glimpse food preparation operation. However, service is good. Food tastes as expected. Standard, nothing special. Kind of small space. Fine to satisfy immediate hunger.
Really slowwwwwwwww action and no service at all
This McDonald's has a sign posted open 24hrs but at 1:10 am they had ppl waiting outside with the doors close. Its cold and the staff is very unprofessional. I doubt the corporate office knows about this
This McDonald's is pretty okay, but at night junkies tend to wander around this area. Obviously not the restaurant's fault though it's worth noting. I always do app orders, and haven't had any issues in the past year or however long. The wait seems normal to me. I definitely prefer this location to the larger one on 8th Ave.
It was good. There was a mistake on my order it was fixed no problem. The machines were having some problems and this made the lines a little long. But it was fine.
It's a McDonald's, simple and relatively efficient at getting out food. You're not coming here for service, you're coming here for some classic fast food.
Awful. Food sat there 20 mins until i complained and they put it in a bag and gave it to me
Great service and very clean. Staff is working hard. Enjoyed the visit.
people who take the time to review mcdonalds and give negative reviews need to get a life
Hot fresh food definitely recommend 34th 7ave McDonald's  ½
It's fast food, what can I say!
Lied and said they were out of food 
Ordered a large unsweetened iced tea.  Received a large cup of something.  Barely colored water. Guy asked me if I wanted another.  I said no if it comes out of the same pot, then the next wouldn't be any better.  I left with some colored water pretending to be tea.
The Atmosphere must change ! Too much homelessness!
Little but fast
"Staff is very quick, efficient, and friendly here... never had an incorrect order before.

Side note,  I'm not sure of his name but thank you thank you thank you so much to the security guard that works here for returning my phone to me after it was just stolen along with everything else in my bag. Went that extra bit that is much more rarely seen these days... and getting that phone back meant so much more than he could've ever known- so once again,  THANK YOUUUUUU!! ï¿½ï"
I Rarely frequent McDonald's as a brand, but your beautifully remodeled location diagonal from Penn Station is the ONLY place you can get ice coffee and a breakfast sandwich at 5:30 in the morning! The staff that was on the first time I went where pleaser and efficient. The second time I went,I had to use the kiosk,which frustrated me ( I rather interact with humans) A young lady from the back came out to help me place my order,and I was an appreciative and satisfied customer that morning!
Although this particular McDonald's is located in the heart of Manhattan, the service was very friendly just not very expeditious. The food was consistent with McDonald's Fair so I guess it was okay overall I mean it's McDonald's you going to like it or you don't and I'm sure most people that's reading this have at least visited one in the lifetime if not more and they're different depending on who you go to and what day but the food to be consistent if the food sucks everything about the experience sucks okay have a great day until my next one.
Did you know McDonald's has a special relationship with Coke and they have the freshest, crispest, tastiest Coke you can buy anywhere?  Try it and you'll see what I go just for Coke sometimes. All soda sizes are $1.00 right now.
Staff is slow and rude, restrooms are not available
Not 5 Stars just because of the homeless around that block. But everything inside it's all good. The food always good, the wait time always good. Never had a problem here, the only annoying are the crazy aggresive homeless that sometimes go there. Other homeless are calmed and just ask for food outside.
Wanted to try their new crispy chicken sandwich on a potato roll & was so disappointed. I expected crispy but what u got was a burnt piece of chicken you could barely bite into, you could tell the same piece had been cooked several times that day. It was disgusting that they even served it to me like that. I took 2 bites & it went directly in the trash.
It's just like them all but better, they have a large turnover so everything was fresh, hot and tasty, very quick and very clean upstairs, was pleasantly surprised
Busy but still giving outstanding service!
"Food took longer than I'd expect at a fast food restaurant, and they have surprisingly little seating space upstairs given the busy location of the restaurant.

It looked like they had another level of seating but it was closed off for some reason."
Impressed with the service during breakfast time. When they brought the food to my table I didn't have to ask for anything. Napkins, jelly, butter, ketchup, hot cake syrup, silverware, granola for the yogurt everything was on point and fresh. Excellent!!
The restaurant was clean and inviting. The service was good (not great) and the food was hot and delicious.
The food was okay. The burger was not that warm and the cheese didn't really melt.  They also forgot to give us a burger and some of the sauce. The table locaters were empty so we had to wait at the desk. The tables and seats were clean so that was good.
Neat and clean modern
Good but too busy
Although the food was fresh, due to COVID the is no internal seating. You can't even stand  and eat. So get your food and be gone! Not a good place if you want a quick bite and a short rest.
"Was nearby and felt like a good burger.

They had their two for $5 fish fillet deal, so I decided to try it out.

This location is usually busy but almost always has places to sit.

Pretty good perk, also has a nice view on the 2nd floor.

The sandwiches were well made, but I   ve also gotten sub-par burgers in the past (stale and"
NYC bedlam as usual,  but food was hot and good
They gave me cold apple pies and stale chicken nuggets I want my money back
The food here is always great and on point, however the person on handing off and making fries showed frustration and attitude tonight.
Fast service, food is good. Usually busy around lunch time. Modern looking with 3 floors to sit and self ordering kiosks. They sell pastries as well, which I haven't seen in other McDonald's.
Not bad ï¿½ï
Very good and efficient. The problem is that the third floor is always close at the hours of 7 pm till all night. And it's difficult to find a seat. I don't understand why you would build a McDonald's with a floor that you hardly used. Plus some of the security are rude to the costumers other then that service is very good
Fast service but the ordering machine should be fine-tuned to be more user-friendly. There is one staff who is otherwise on standby to help guests with the machines. Dining area is clean and nicely decorated. Great views by the glass windows at the upper floors. Free Wi-Fi is pretty reliable.
Fast service, food is good, and modern looking automated ordering kiosks on the wall. 3 floors to sit down and eat and I was surprised how decently clean it was when my friends and I visited here. Not sure if it is this clean on a daily basis, however
I don't do McDonald's a lot but this place was okay. They need to stay on the cleanliness and the dining room. Also check the calibration of the sodas constantly because the Sprite tasted like seltzer. They fixed it while I was there though.
Not everything is offered at this location since I believe it's an "express" of sorts. Straight away, you will notice how crowded this place is since it's a pretty narrow space. Once orders are put in, you never really know where to stand to wait for your food. The staff are nice enough though and the time your food takes to come out can vary widely. There is additional seating upstairs which I personally have not been to and this seems more like a hot spot to just order takeout anyway.
I did my order through the phone probably waited like 5 or 10 minutes mostly my fault for making the order as I was walking in so I understand the wait. Everything was there which I greatly appreciate.
"The place is kept clean and its ""
Just your basic ""mickey d""s"". If youre so inclined theres more to this location other than burgers and fries...huge homeless population...caution is also on the menu. Its free."
The restaurant clean Covin 19 precaution was recognized by management ï¿½ï
The restaurant was very clean and the ordering experience matched my expectations. My order was ready in minutes and was exactly how I ordered it.
Speedy service but very rude employee she must have been frustrated but. No need for that glad I never really have to go there again
I would definitely recommend the McDonald's Application because you get your coffee    ï¿
This McDonald's is terrible. I ordered Sprite and they gave me something that is like 10% Sprite and 90% water (I know the taste because I made the same mistake when I was young). Not only did this happen to me, it happened to another customer. Would not recommend.
Place was clean and nice.....service was fast.
With today's day and age a change will come quoted from a great leader, troubles you might face turn your head to it. New place but remember I haven't did any thing you didn't want already happened, coffee and cookie any one they got meals too. And of course fast service, I hope.
Good but credit card machines broken, lack of ketchup or napkins in my to go bag and lack of seating.   Coffee was NOT hot or made by more order specs.  15/hr.....they should step up they're game.
"Never have I ever seen an employee THAT lost for real, and I used to work at McDonalds so I saw some madness but here... We were there at 9pm today in case any manager wants to speak with the girl I had to deal with (she is wearing glasses and was the one delivering the orders). We ordered 2 menus, 2 shakes and a sundae. The waiting wasn   t long at all. She calls us and give us the sundae then move along. I   m waiting and she looks at me like     ½what are you waiting for?    ½, well, the rest of my order Becky, i didn   t pay 30$ for a sundae.
So she sigh realising there was when you are in a hurry don ½"
I love me some McDonald's, but I was saddened with how cold my food was... & you know you can't just throw fastfood frenchfries in the microwave or oven. THEY WERE BUSY TOO- so you would think everything was coming out hot. Sadly, that was not the case. My double-quarterpounder, fries & 4 piece chicken nuggets were all BARELY luke warm.
Wanted a nice quiet breakfast, there was a giant inflatable rat right out the window. 10/10
Customer service was pretty good, fast professional & efficient!! As for the breakfast order I made.. it left MUCH to be desired. It was a value meal with bagel, egg, cheese, coffee & hash brown. The bagel with egg would've been fine alone.. What ruined it for me was the 2 layers on the sandwich of what was supposed to be the  "cheese".. it was vile!! The "cheese" tasted like Cheez Wiz which I TOTALLY despise. To salvage as much of the sandwich as I could.. I scraped off the "cheese".
Got here in the wee hours and found this place very  clean, quiet and the staff was courteous. I ordered breakfast and asked for it to be fresh and hot. Glad it was made to order, palatable, and hot.  I loved being there on W 34th St, Manhattan.
It wasn't busy. I was attended to quick. Food was good
"Say what you want about McDonald's, but this location has it figured out! I really hate that I forgot to take pictures for you guys, but go here! They have order kiosks and you can have your food brought to you by one of the staff.
Something that doesn't happen often with McDonald's, but this location really was clean. There was a modern aesthetic to it, along with the pastries (never seen at anothr McDonald's).
The food did take a while but considering the wait volume (-20/30) people, I can understand.
Overall, this is a great place for cheap food to go and to stay. If you're not specific about the way you like your food, order at the kiosk (get a table marker) and go on upstairs and find yourself a table."
The early morning staff is very courteous.  My big complaint is the non payors that come in and decide the downstairs seating area should be their sleeping space and a place where they should put all their belongings on.
Took forever to get a simple cup of coffee. They seemed totally unprepared for the amount of customers, all while in a prime location that must always have a lot of customers. 7th ave & 34th St, NYC.
Its good if you like a McDonald's burger.
NEVER GO HERE - HORRIBLE SERVICE. They're always rude!!! Either they're RACIST or just plain rude. I asked for a paper bag 3 times and the two Spanish ladies ignored me despite making eye contact. The one at the pick up counter gave a little nod then walked away even though the paper bags were right next to her!! Then I went to the cashier and she just gave me a blank look and motioned to the pick-up counter without saying a word. Then I told the girl yet again, that I need a paper bag please and she just gave me a dumbfounded look with a twang of annoyance and walked away and then fave out more orders. They were just so rude and every other time I've been there! They were all Spanish and maybe don't like Asians but they're horrible people and I never want to go to this location ever again!!!
"The staff decided that there were no longer any mcflurries, after they prepared 2 sundaes and a milk shake . Suddenly the icecream machine was broken. A Spanish speaking customer after me was then able to order not only a milkshake but3 mcflurries. When I inquired about it I was told that it was now fixed although no one has gone near the machine during the time since I was denied IN ENGLISH. I then stepped outside to get my friends and tell them our food was ready, they took the tray and headed up while I put our other friend in an Uber. When I came back in security who had just been no more then 5 feet from me while I ordered, paid, and received my food, made someone come down to confirm that I was a paying customer. If only the counter staff was as particular as the security guard.
I won't be coming back here again, at least until my Spanish is better"
With this MacDonalds you get your food faster from actually ordering at the register with a "person" vs using the kiosk
Dirty, very dirty. Absolutely disgusting. Staff kicking off food from the floor instead of cleaning it.
Horrible rude staff. One girl in particular. Honestly don't know how she is there.food was fine, plenty of seating, clean but would never go here again. Definitely would not recommend because of her attitude.
Shamrock shakes are the best! Why can't they serve them all year?! The vanilla soft serve cones are great too, and a really good price. The yummiest thing is to dip your French fries in your shake. I've been coming to McDonalds since I was a kid, and it's still as good... and I'm still as excited to go there as always. Thank you for staying the same.
I like that there were 3 levels to this McDonald's.  They also have a security guard that you have to show your receipt to to get upstairs.  That should keep alot of people out that are just hanging out using seats and not eating. The food was typical of most McDonald's.
This is the worst mc donald   s ever. The employees are very rude. I ordered the cheese sauce and they did not have it in stock. Therefore I asked why they did not have it and that I paid 40 cents for it. Then they said to each other  ½
They disabled the order kiosks by taking away all the number tents and requiring them. Then i get in a line, which is designed to handle the overflow, not the whole store... 2 cashiers and 25 people. Nice long wait. Then, they didn't give my mcflurry a mix at all. If i wanted a cup of vanilla ice cream with oreo topping, i wouldn't have ordered a mcflurry.
The food was cold, I couldn't sit in the restaurant to eat it and the service was slow. Not to mention overpriced for what they gave me.
Went there two days in a row. First day tried using the mcdonald's deals. There wasn't a scanner so worker had to type it in. Said that the deal was only for a free small soft drink and not a small orange juice.  It states what's free in the app. Went back today and used a kiosk. Scanner deal from my phone and the thing froze. This place seems not to except deals at all shame.
American food in the midst of Chinatown. Reasonable seating but prices were a bit high. It's NYC you might say, but it's just a hamburger I would say.     However, several in our group noted that the burgers
Known food at good price. Clean areas. Not crowded.
Restrooms weren't available.
food was good, i was particularly impressed by the self order service, where i can choose what i want, pay and then just go to pickup, almost like delivery in a way. 4 stars because the staff are a little rough.
I had a better experience here  at this McDonald's.. they greeted me with kindness asked  me how was my day.. and offered me a courtesy meal. Without me asking.. I am grateful  and they put this cool note of gratitude  from MCDONALD'S
The big chicken sandwiches it's not what you see in the commercial on TV not crunchy at all ! chopped up lettuce wilted and small thin slice of tomatoe not fresh,not enjoyable at all!
Ordered a large smoothie and this guy gave it to me half full, and the guy was rude and when I told him to full it for me he fill it up wit ice no flavor
Great coffee in the morning for only a buck any size anyway. Love it, the best coffee! Food is scrumptious especially anything on the menu but for me the breakfast is my favorite!
A very busy McDonald's! Whay under staffed! One young man seemed to be doing all the work involving the food. While they left a inexperienced young lad on the register. She told me my daughter could not have a Dr. Pepper cause it was not a drink choice for the cheeseburger meal. This sounded absurd so when I asked her to explain this she told me no we are just out of it. She was supper sweet and at this point I came to realize only her and the other young man were the only 2 working. As the manager sat there holding a mop and did literally nothing for 20 min. So many McDonald's in NYC and this one was in all Honesty just AWFUL!!
As far as a McDonald's goes, it gets 5 stars for being clean and having quick service as well as surprisingly adequate seating. I have not given this location a rating based upon my opinion of McDonald's in general.
Slow service the self order kisoks were broken and the restaurant was filthy.
I went on last Wednesday and the automatic machines didn't work for ordering inside. The place was full, too tight for people that were there eating. Apart from this good and quick service.
"Terrible service.

I came into the store and bought my dinner at 9pm.  I sit there for 1 hour and then the staff came to me and asked me to leave. I thought that the store might be closing so I left. However, after I came out, I noticed that this is a 24 hour store. I bought food and no one else was waiting for a table. There was no reason for letting me out. The staff was rude!!!"
First time I came here was okay but then I came again and I   m waiting for fries for more than 10 minutes... I understand that if I   m waiting for fresh, hot fries but it does not tak
Fast but not fast enough to get the homeless out
My quarter pounder didn ½ï¿½
The meal was as good as Mc Donald's can prepare. The store though , being located across the street from Penn Station one would expect a store size suitable for travelers with bags. This was not the case and the wifi was non existent.
The slowest place I have ever been to. People where not nice at all and after we waited an hour they still didn't give us all we ordered. Pick a different place!
Its pretty much yhe same as most mcdonalds in the city..least this one is kept clean .only unpleasant sights are all the homeless dirtbags and all the drug addicts that hang around in front and beg for money indide just walk right up to people while their eating  ask for money beg for your food..other then that pretty good for a coty McDonalds....
I don't know if I'm like from the 20th century, but this McDonald's is super high-tech. This McDonald consists of three floors. The main floor is what you walk on to, it's the second floor. Most of the seating is on the third floor, I didn't go up to it just because I had an ankle problem and unfortunately the elevator was out. The basement, and area you can't get to it, is where the girl is it so fancy contrapment takes your food from the grill to the second floor where you order. I just thought that was cool while I was waiting around for my food. They have about six self-serving machines that are in front of the restaurant. But if you want to speak to a human you can just walk past that to the two registers they have
It's not the same good tasting food like the 60s70s and 80s it's garbage now except for some of the breakfast food
Fast. Service
I had to wait 20 minutes for a singular order of fries.
amazing. heavenly like it always is. i ate on the third floor with my family and it was very tasty. loved it a lot
Fast service always very busy sitting areas are always packed
Extremely slow, store was relatively clean thou, but can't understand why they kept skiping orders and took like 20 mins to prepare a slushy, ah don't forget to ask for napkins, they don't give them and takes forever to attend you if you go back to ask for them
Waited too long for a regular order, if I didn't check, smoothies not in the bag, store is unorganized!
Good fast food as expected :) I just don't like the fact the pickup panel is not used, need to keep hearing the ladies calling your number.
On McDonalds I've ever been to that has a security guard. Does not let you pee before you order. Other than that the place is clean and fine.
Just bad service wasn't busy but the food took 15-20 mins
McDonald's food is usually the same everywhere I go. Yay fastfood. I went to this one during the Big Apple Comic Con 2017 weekend. They handled the con rush well. Costumes and hungry cos players can be a struggle, but the managers were right there with their employees making sure everything was ok. A homeless dude was asking for money. Kind of sucked, but they got rid of him quickly though.
My first time at this location I order some breakfast, my order was taken to my table and it was fast, employees really nice and helpful. I would definitely visit again and I recommended.
First floor appear very small but it has a lot of seatings on the upper floor. Looks like it has 3 floors. The place is clean and quick with order several self order booths.
The cashier's are welcoming and respectful. The environment is clean and neat. Smells wonderful and I would recommend this McDonald's to family and friends.
Fast foods fast food.. Always busy here but fast and they didn't mess up my order so I guess that's good.
Good spot to just grab a quick bite. The lines vary depending on the time of day especially given the pandemic.
"(UPDATE)

I did my complaint thought mc Donald's website and they call me. I have my food back and a letter with apologies with a meal card....MC Donalds costumer service surprise me! Thank you for answering... That's the way... ordered Two Sausage MC Muffins and one small coffee...after almost 10 min I had to fly out the local because I was missing my 1.17am train (next is 3.30) After I told the cashier my situation I requested refund but she needed authorisation from some one who was cooking on the top floor! Mama Mia! I left running with my ticket with no food or coffee. How I get my order now...Because I payed for it!"
For as long as I can remember, Macdonalds has been the best fast-food chain. It always hits the craving spot.
Horrible staff i was forced to hurry up and eat by security so someone else could eat comfortably without being bothered i spent my hard earned money in there i should be able to take my time to eat.
Very poor customer service, rude staff, and we paid for a burger and fries that did not come and the manager did not believed we didn't receive it even with the receipts.. I've never seen anything like it before
Clean friendly like environment n very spaceious w view.They served the food!! At your convenience!! Eat there every morning!! N very like a classy restaurant!!!
The employees where very kind n tge store was clean the whole experience was pleasant the one thing wrong was they didn't have the third floor open so limited space n someone left so we could sit down they should of had tge third floor open.
Clean and brightly lit. Multiple levels of seating, but was quite crowded. . Order fulfillment was super fast thanks to the app.
this McDonald   s has served me well. the best place in town to get angry in a
The store is up to date very small and with exception of a few the staff sucks. The few taking orders cool, the people getting the food the worst! Period!!!
I ordered 2 cheeseburgers with no onions and they gave me two hamburgers with onions I went back for them to fix it, I waited 20 minutes and they gave me the exact same thing
Clean restaurant. Amiable staff. The food should have been hotter.
Its ok  could be better i say its just to many homeless people dine un n have a bad smell  of sweat  n people get high in bathroom  n leave needle n bags of drugs on floor dirty at time smell homeless people  askin for money harass people who eat in McDonalds
I waited 12 minutes for a cappuccino, I asked them about it and they forgot my cup on another counter. The coffee was cold and took way too long, but I didn't get any compensation for it. The kiosks where all busy for several minutes. Not recommended if you're in a hurry.
We had to ask for our order because people before us were getting served, and there were employees in the back cursing and being loud with each other. Very uncomfortable experience
"its at the subway station so don't go looking for it outside... i did that mistake... in case you reach the place and dont see it.. look for the nearest entry to subway station and you will see the joint there

hit  ½ï¿½"
very friendly employee, good customer service
Worst customer service !! Cashiers were  so rude. Altercation broke out and cops had to get involved. Supposed supervisor was at scene but was unable to help situation. Whenever visiting nyc. NEVER VISIT THIS MCDS !!!!
The service at the counter was nice. But there's an old man that acts like the 2nd floor VIP bouncer was very aggressive and off-putting.
The Security Guy wasn't polite with me he Screening !  Bad words ...
Waited 30 minutes for food did got any real apologize.
Filthy location, garbage on the seating and tables with grease and mold on floor corners.  we walked out because I can't image how it looks like in the kitchen & food preparation area.
Unlike the methdonalds a block away on 8th ave & 36th, this is the poshdonalds.  When you order, you get a little plastic table stand with a number.  There is a velvet rope to get upstairs to the seating area (ok, maybe not velvet) that the man standing there pulls back for you when he sees you're holding a table stand.
Over crowed security want u to stand where there is no space never enough workers the attitudes from the guy in the blue uniform horrible no manners a whole jerk I come everyday spending $28 drinks done b4 food why the doorman is the greatest
Me and my daughter had lunch, and loved it.
I don't eat McDonald's but my grandson liked this place especially the upstairs dining area. I was a little disappointed with the wait time but most of the employees were kind.
DO NOT DO MOBILE ORDER HERE! They will take your money and dont receive any order from the mobile app.
This is not intended to be fine dining.
City is busy and this McDonald's is no exception, but the order was done Fast! Got a table and was able to enjoy my meal.
Very nice place but homeless people outside. And takes long to get your order. All I got was two Sundays.
Food is often cold. No matter what burger you order it comes made wrong. I only go here to get chicken nuggets or a mcflurry.
The cleanest McD I have seen in Manhattan.
Service is no good, had me wait for 15 minutes then told me to go to another Mc. Donald's.. I'll never go there again.. five thumbs down !!!!!!
They don't give me sugar and cream for my coffe they was  so rude!
Great hole in the wall McDs, minus the crackheads, if you want a quick bite after a night of drinking.
Slow service. Staff member was on there phone while working. Food was good quality.
It was delicious but I just wish they'd allow us to sit down and enjoy our meal
Very busy location. Doing thier best to serve a crowd. Food was good. Seating was full.
THE NIGHT SECURITY AT HERE IS A RACIST. DISRESPECT MAKE ME SICK. WE STAYED THERE FOR LESS THAN 30 MINUTES, AND THE FOOD TOOK 15 MINUTES TO GET READY. HE SAID THERE  IS A 30 MINUTES LIMITS FOR SITTING WHILE THERE WERE NOBODY ELSE THERE.
fast service, plenty of room to sit, clean area
McDonald's offers fast service for consistent quality food on the cheap. Bonus freebies if you use the app, regularly updated.
"I like the freedom over there
Get your food and coffee, sit and relax
Nobody bothers
Leave whenever you want
It ½ï¿½ï"
Quick service,  but grim interior. Not their fault...it is in Times Sq. Still not an attractive location,  but fast
Minimal seating. Staff isn't fond of you and just want to get over with their shift. Pretty dirty. Just any other NYC McDonald's, don't expect much
Nice location. If you like McDonald's you'll appreciate the fast service and option to order via self order system.
The food was hot and the employees were very nice
Super clean and nice seating place.  Clean restroom and detailed  sanitary.
"Clean McDonald's restaurant and bathroom. Good Experience.. Good Customer Service.
Dined In"
Good and fast but have become expensive
It's okay service is decent could be better
They are judgemental they think their better then other they do what the want if a could rate zero stars in wouls
Fast easy ice cream cone
I ordered a double fish filet no cheese with extra tartar sauce with medium fries. It was delicious.
It's McDonald's they are the same everywhere so you know what to expect. Extremely fast service. Okay food. Avoid the bathrooms they are terrible!
Terrible system & they left the bag over on tbe side & never came to ask who order belonged to, i finally sent my Grandson to go check. Food was cold. Not happy
Its gotten a little better. But i think it might be time to change the managers. And definitely renovate..
Very poor and slow service.  Can   t even make a burger corr
I love the bacon egg and cheese as well as other options on the menu.  ½ï¿½
Food was ok. Ordered take out & they forgot one sandwich but they corrected the mistake with no problem
Its McDonald's so u cant go too wrong. But it was good and service was good
Nothing is working. I asked for a manager, she came and said  ½ï¿
Very fast and helpful oops and respectful
Ok place. Expensive. If you go, there are tables upstairs.
Kentucky Fried Chicken and a Pizza Hut Kentucky Fried Chicken and a Pizza Hut I like food you like food Kentucky Fried Chicken and a Pizza Hut, Rock and Roll McDonald's Rock and Roll McDonald's
Le encontre un cabello a mi hamburgesa, I found a hair between my hamburger...nasty place to be at penstation  
Great service the cashier was friendly and the services was fast thank you my order was accurate.
Small reduced menu business.  It's a very busy takeout coffee shop at the airport.
Open 24 hrs which is really convenient after a late night concert.
The customer service really awful they were rude the place was dirty I will never eat at McDonald's again anywhere
Quick service but usually very packed. Food is always cooked well.
Got blue shake
awesome great place awesome staff hospitality she even check my cell phone and help me do the survey
This place is clean and coffee inexpensive. Good wifi. The food? Well, everyone knows...
Fast, decent, no complaints.
Staff could care less if you have everything you need to enjoy your meal.
Not bad, a clean and reasonable place to eat i love their coffee
Kind and Gentle people there, clean and fast the service, but you know nothing more, nothing you can not find in an other Mc Donallds
Great service and food.
Awful service. I received melted ice cream cones and was asked to leave just 20 minutes after sitting down.
Clean eating areas, clean bathrooms,  ordering computers. Very close to Penn Station and empire state bldg
Clean and fast. Crowded and no real place to sit down at. Very rushed feeling there.
My wife wanted a caramel latte she thinks they're the best.
Very good place for a quick bite. They have screens where you can choose yourself and place the order.
Just a regular macdonald, the bathroom was kinda clean tho
Everytime I order a Mcafe here, it's made wrong. Staffs need better training
One of the better run McDonald's in Midtown. No dine-in at present
Fully remodeled fast service rite across from Penn station 2 bathrooms and alot of seating upstairs
Too long of wait- order kiosk..muffin and coffee..waited more than 20 minutes
No restroom?! No dine in?! This is unacceptable. Never again.
Staff friendly, food good.
Service on the most part is better than most Mickey D's
Ickey.  Nasty.   Supppse to smell food. Not piss  workers.  Are. Unreal  i will never. Go to this one EVER again
I love the breakfast menu most. Coffee is good & now cheaper than 711.
The food was over priced4 lil food.N da lil lady w a tude
It's no longer a happy place it's terrible dark I'm never ever eating g there again it's like ordering your food in a jail disgusting you put up the computers and you fired everybody shame on you I will not patronize your establishment anymore
Love those golden fires! Mmm Mmm.
I'm rarely disappointed whenever I go to McDonald's. The food is mostly always great.
They are alot faster than the one on 8th Avenue and less crowded
I received the smallest amount of ice Cream in my mc flurry.......and also the employees were arguing while listening to their customers.
Wow I knew not to expect quality food but this is nasty
I ordered two double cheeseburger and 1 cookie and they serve me 1 single burger and 3 cookies.
My friend didn   t g
Okay experience. Nothing memorable
Good deals and nice environment! Wifi super fast by the way!
Short line and got my food fast. fries needed some more salt lol
The food it fresh but not to many chair on the first  floor
The place was dirty, the staff was not overly friendly, and quite a few of McDonald's standard products were not available.
It's a McDonald's....But there's a bad homeless problem in and around this place.  Most times you'll be asked for money by people hanging around this location.
Worst McDonald's. They run out of soft drinks. Self service system is awfull
service was ok but the drink was tasteless and it supposed to be sweet tea
It's McDonald's. Ordered food from screens. Food was brought up to our table.  Simple.
It's a little tight when you're ordering food, but then you can either take it upstairs, or leave with it.
I asked chicken burger they gave chees burger... but the taste was awesome..
The man was on his phone the whole time getting wrong order etcc
The workers are nasty and rude. The McDonald's on 28st and 6 ave is way better
Need to work on giving hot fries. But overall ok
Very Great Place To Eat And Relax Love It.
Serving us even when it's 4am most McD's are "closed for the switch to breakfast" thanks for being you guys!
Clean, organized, efficient
Delicious food is served at McDonald's
"I love the service
The food is great
The place is clean"
Its GOOD place but sometimes service is sliw due to lack of experience.
Staffs were friendly. Lunch time gets crowded and might make mistakes in your order.
Awful!! They messed up my order and they couldn't even fix it. They said we don't have time to fix it
very clean fast and good service
My #1 favorite fast food place ½ï¿½
My breakfast sandwich bread was so burnt it was inedible...
Great service. Amazing view at the upper level.
Ewwww  not clean  bad services just ewwwww
Was quite slow
Cold fries and bums outside that curse you for not giving money. Seating area very clean and kept.
Im from floirda and this mcdonalds is so cool because it is so not what im used to-the architectural aspect of it, i mean.
Went in for a sprite..how can u have nasty sprite. $2 wasted. Probably one of the dirtiest McDonalds I have been to
Just a very busy place service was fast
Fast Service but a littel rude some of the stafff .
Good to have seating place in downtown with a good ambience and with mC D prices
Terrible place......debit/credit machines are broken......not organize.......Security was helping the customers not the regular employees of McDonald
As usual great.
Great service food was served in a timely fashion
Very very busy! Food quality was very low even for a McDonalds.
Very pretty and attentive how took my order.
This is the dirtiest McDonald's I have ever been. They need a big renovation.
Fast and easy if you are in a rush and hungry now  
Good day . Clean undisturbed. Good pleasant staff.
There is not much to say about a McDonald's... Convenient location. Open 24x7.
This place is not what it used to be. You get a number and they call 3 or 4 numbers that came way after you without giving any explanation.!!!
"It easy to go and out
Very friendly staff"
It's Good
Never emailed me back
Harrowing experience on my last visit as a customer jumped over the counter to steal food and/or assault the employees?
By far one of the worst locations in NYC.  On separate occasions I've gotten sick, received cold fries, and getting homeless people asking for money/ food.
Englishman in New York...thanks for looking after me with great service and quality food.
Another MCDonals, usually you can get a seat. The bathrooms are fine.
Quite possibly the best sausage egg and cheese McMuffin ever!
Love having breakfast at McDonald's hot cakes and sausage and hot coffee
Super fast takeout!!! Food was ready before I paid for it!
Quick service and clean despite being busy.
Friendly people and good location. Typical US interior
Could be cleaner and even though we stayed there to eat, food came in a bag.
It was crowded But the service is fast
Great service from the employees.
McDonald's in New York City is way better service than elsewhere.
Fast service delicious burger and the area is clean
Wish all the people that seats there are customers.  It makes it hard to eat in
Quick, simple and perfect amount of salt on the fries
Fast and clean. A bit over priced but I guess its the location
Few deals, like everywhere in McDonald's..help, no matter is lousy
You get your fill of McDonald's menu in a good location
Beautiful. Nice place and workers :magnificents
Only customer yet ten min wait for regular coffee
Hours of operations are not as stated
The upstairs part was unsupervised and people sleeping..homeless and non homeless alike..
Love the manager she very clean
Staff inattentive gave me wrong food 3 times.
Like most Mickey Ds fast food great fries
Nice place to chill out with friends but mostly it's crowded
Great placs to eat and jept clean
Where you place your food order at is not enough waiting space.
Standard McDonald's
It was so dirty that we have to clean a table to be able to sit.
It was nice, small but kinda clean
The only place that was open past midnight. We loved it!
Do you really need to read a review about WacArnold's?
McDonald's at a great location, and open 24/7, great especially when staying in a hotel close by.
Food is too grease not much on the $1 menu.
Sike I lied best food and price
I go on my lunch break at 3 am and wait 15 minutes for them to get their stuff together
Only good when you have coupons
Yoo many homeless and drug addicts sit and take up space.
It's a McDonalds and they gots some ac plugs available
They are the most slowest people ever
Fast efficient service
I Love it!very good service.
Clean
Quick service. Regular for Macdonalds food.
Always ready for good comforting meals!
Very good service. Open late.
Nice location with the usual menu on offer.
A place to eat
It's quite revolutionary what they are doing in there.
Speedy service . . . isn't that what everyone in the City wants?
Employee's here are RUDE & DON'T CARE ABOUT THEIR JOBS
The staff weren't very helpful or friendly.
I did not see many chairs there
Foods good needs to be hotter
Always a good option: low price dame quality
Super nice homeless guy opens the door here
I bought ice tea and big mac chicken sandwich
Really long line for bathroom, messed up order.
Standard McDonalds but with self ordering kiosks, handy
Good and fast
Always crowded. Inadequate seating.
Very clean and fast service
Nice setting very modern service
Clean, Great fast service..
The bun of my Big Mac Us hard and dry
Good place to eat something Quickly
Awesome. One pickle.
I want my burger before 11. Please make that happen
Not much good to say about the staff
Those fries though! Love it.
Too many drug addicts inside and in front
Good food and great service
Nice and clean
Staffs very friendly.
Be ready to stand most of the time when you take dine in
Great convenient location when on the go!
They forgot my cranberry orange crossaint
Good restaurant fast and good meal
New deisgn, clean and respectful staff.
Great place for  quick bites
Great place for fast eat
The service was not fast in the morning
Ok food. Noisy childish crowd.
This's amazing and big place
Grandkids love going to the castle park.
I like it my friend work here
A nut house  ½ï¿
In and out service great service
Fast service, pretty clean.
Rude and keep messing orders up
40 min wait for my food!!!
Fast service and polite workers
Cleanest mcdonald's in midtown
Its a McDonald's. What else is there to say about it?
Food is always good.
The 1am occurrences here are a definite reason to stop by.
New technologies ordering.  Fast and secure.
Good place . Open 24 hrs.
Cleanest McDonald's ever been in
They have Quick servis
Bad service and cold food!
Business as usual 24 hours per day!
Quick service clean as well
Very good fast food
King of fast food for those who love this kind of food
Again good value deals.
My son's favourite place
Tiny place, nowhere to get straws, napkins etc
No donut Stick  ½ï
Not to friendly there . use to be better.
Clean environment and nice people.
The shakes are really tasty.
Very slow need more workers
Food and service was great
Nice place , quick service
Decent and clean most of the time
Quick order. Good
Good self service system
Just another Maccies
Always Favorite
Clean and friendly atmosphere
It was great, clean and professional
Emplayes very angry with costomers.
Burger was cold except for the fries!!!
The worst McDonalds on Staten island  .sorry.
You know what it is and it's good.
Love it very clean
Excellent Service and Price
It's a McDonald's with slow service. That's about the size of it.
It's a nice update spot
Fast food, comfortable place.
It's ok
Not your local mc donalds
It's a McDonald's good for takeout.
Awsome service
Clean and fast moving services
Its McDonalds, what more do you expect
Clean and excellent staff
Love the shakes and berguerd
I only get coffee from them
Bad service rude staff
Same fare as any Mickey D's
The McCafe Bakery is the best.
OK, but service is slow.
Need more than 1 in airport
Good food and good service
Good place to have a meal
Decent
Love the burgers
Clean and good service
Delicious chicken n fries
No good
Good customer service
Very slow service.
Good
Fast service, hot food.
Quick service nice
I just love McDonald's
3 floors? Aight bet.
Classic Mickey D's
I always eat breakfast here
Always pack
Meets expectations perfectly!
Good food
So slow I missed the train
This place is LITT UP!!!
It's a Macdonald's same as the others
Mass production at its finest
To many junkies and drug dealers
Loved the new decor
Good food
Bacon McDouble is the way to go.
Incredible good place
Pizza is bangin
Food   Must be hot
Great McDonalds 3 floors
Horrible service.
It's was so perfect
Dine in
Burger was a little cold
It's McDonald's...same old same old!
good guys
IT WAS NICE..
Mc is mc
Friendly staff.
not bad
All ok
GOOD FOOD
Again. It was great
Berry goot wifi
The food is Nice.
Great food..
No surprises here.  It's McDonald's.
It was okay
They're all the same.
Quick food
Fast service
Too slow
Food was amazing
This is the was McDonnell ever go to
Greater
Poor food
Takes soooooo long
Worst MC ever.
Cold and old food!
Sometimes it's dirty
Long wait
Solid maccies
The second floor was closed.
Serving is too late
Never disappointing
Ok for the most part
Something familiar awayfrom home.
Cold food
Ok price-product
Pretty decent.
Horrible, smelly, overcrowded
Good food!
Good
Dirty and bad food
Dirty place
nice and clean 
I'm loving it
Good.
Like the ordering system
It's great
Delicious
1 dollar drink!
Fries are the best.
Good service
Great food
I plead the 5th
Location was fine
Love the fries
Good as it gets!
Good service
Nice service
Fast and clean
Nice
Terrible
Food great
Great service
Doesn't exist anymore
Clean as a whistle..
Good service
Horrible service
Dirty and dirty people.
Its clean
Ok
Good as always
Good service
Clean, courteous
It sucked
Disappointed in cleanliness
Love the frappe
Clean and neat
Good
Quick and go
Just fast food
So so
Great place
Bad service
Good place
Good people!!
Quick service
Ok
Quick service!
Love
Ok
Mc
Good price
Very expensive
Good
Great
Fast service
Modern and Clean
Excellent
Tipical
Good
Nice
Fast service
Good
Ok
Great
Delicious food
Good
Good
What you expect
Good
Yummy
Bad everything
Good
Nice place
Nice place
Fast service
Bad attention
Good 
nice place
Nice place
Nice
Care about clients
garbage
Descent
Clean place
There be nuggets
McDonald's. You know what you're getting.
POLITE CASHIER
High prices
Convince
McDonald s On Steroids
Excellent 
Old coffee.
ýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýý ýýý
Neutral
Long lines
Wow
No comment
It's McDonald's  
Its mcdonalds
Even if you are not good at English, you can order from the in-store terminal and pay by credit card without any problems. It is easy to pick up because it is called by number. Although it was an eat-in, it was a packaging that could be taken out. It might be easier in Japan too.
Standard, clean, tidy, food is brought to the table, not crowded, which is a plus for poppy, there are free tables, pleasant quiet background music. The main thing is CLEAN. Favorite poppy in Brooklyn. Good view of the Atlantic
Fries were certainly one of the worst so far. The nuggets were pretty good and I got a seat. Service was great. Even if a machine doesn't issue any receipts and you could run into problems as a result.
Very expensive and super bad service. The place was clean.
"I always visit this place whenever I have to wait for the train
Very good customer service.
I like McDonald's...
a very safe place"
Very poor McDonald's in terms of service and friendliness. Could only get food in a bag. Long wait and no overview in the numbers of the orders. We were 5 people and a large part of the order was missing. Fortunately, that was quickly arranged after having to wait again. Apparently upstairs where you can sit closed at 8 pm. Fifteen minutes before, a lady came to report that they were closing. She kept holding the door open until everyone had actually left. After 5 minutes we also left and the rest were able to eat in the rain. Something is seriously wrong there.
Very quiet place and good attention
The food was good, the speed of the order to withdraw online was fine, but it was 8:25 a McDonald's worker came in and told us in a very bad way that we had 5 minutes to finish eating and we had just started eating.
Mc Do with order at the terminals, a lot of space on 2 floors and very located.
The worst experience I've ever had in my life!! With saying that I could not taste the food! A restaurant where the staff yells at you is not worthy of being visited by ANYONE!! Sure, I must be specific! It was in this specific place, but they should take action!!
The best thing about it is its location but the quality of its food, its appearance and taste and service I give it a 3.
This is a rather well decorated and pleasant McDonald's! In addition to being fabulously located in the middle of the gigantic skyscrapers of Broadway, this place is not excessively crowded, which makes it even more pleasant! And finally (a fundamental and important detail these days) there is Wifi! So I recommend this place!  ½ï¿½
"The hall is closed, there is nowhere to sit. Although most places have already canceled these restrictions.

I had to wait a super long time for the order, and, as always, I didn ½ï¿"
The quality is good and the prices are reasonable too. Even cheap by New York standards. Store was clean. Simply order via terminal.
In general, all McDonald's are the same, these ones here in NY have been very crowded lately and there is usually no space to sit at peak hours. But they are still the best option to eat for the prices of the combos.
Option for a quick snack for those who don't miss the opportunity to breathe the air of Times Square at dawn. This branch is just a few minutes' walk away.
"Long waiting time, tastier food and a larger selection than at McDonald's in the Czech Republic.
Super atmosphere. Thanks"
Excellent attention, in May of this year two employees treated my husband and I very badly, they even spoke to us badly, they even scratched our food and we argued, but they are not all the same, there are very good workers...
A little dirty
"We ordered a hamburger and fries. The plain vanilla ice cream for about $2. The food was average and below.
The place itself is clean, cozy, there are 2 upper floors for sitting."
Flee, at 10 p.m. 5 seats to eat inside. We have to take out!
Food was not really tasty, few seats. We received food in a bag, regardless of whether we came to collect or not.
Good food, it did not have many people and there was not a long line of people, they attended us quickly, the only thing is that the bathrooms open until 8 in the morning and we arrived very early, hee
A traditional MC Do, it's fast and it's good. You can take a break and enjoy the Wi-Fi.
Very good system to order without having to queue! Once you understand how the app works it's great for those with language difficulties! You have the option to make the hamburger to your liking! I hope I apply it soon in Argentina!
The system of screens to order without having to speak to an employee is incredible because you save the long lines that are made and it comes in the language you want, (although it is only paid by card), everything is very cheap and clean, but they let you enter many homeless people who are a bit rude and occupy all the seats and sometimes you cannot sit down to eat because there is no place.
It is not working 100% but because it is fast food, it is convenient to buy and continue on the road without wasting much time. Sometimes the attention is not as friendly as it should be, and at night after 11:00 p.m. there is no ice to prepare certain drinks, it is something to improve
Pure beauty! Fast service. Agile as in most stores. Immaculate bathroom. And in this one there were two bathrooms. Different from the Mac I posted earlier. Note: The attendant speaks at least 3 languages. I liked!!!
We were only here for drinks. $1 for a large drink was a welcome price in expensive New York!
I ate in a very clean place and the ladies who serve are very friendly, even the security is very nice. He gave me the order, thanks, everything was fine.
A little cleaning in the client room
I was very bad there at 4:45 and the attention of a lady raises a lot to be desired I came from a long trip I arrived at the station but she was in a bad temper I asked her for something and reluctantly she told me that they did not have more than breakfast I could not hear in short bad service
Exactly the same as all MacDonald's. They had a cheap menu of 1, 2 and 3 dol. I didn't like them because they gave me heartburn the 2 times I ate.
The truth is that in the USA in Queens they don't even let you sit in a drive tru, it's very ugly.
You get your food stowed in a bag as standard whether you want to eat in or take it with you. Sauce on the Mc fish fillet also oilier than normal. Furthermore, this Mc on 34th street was dingy.
Good attention  
For self-help travel, choosing fast food is the most convenient way to solve meals. When you are in a foreign country, you think it is unpalatable, but it is actually quite delicious.
"Super the new system of ordering and paying yourself and being taken to the table just by the number
The waiter is super attentive and you can ask them for the sauces you want"
It has improved a lot but they are always missing something... wait what too, shop at the end of the world!
Good place in Philly!
Definitely better than what we are used to in Italy
I went there after New Year's Eve countdown in New York. Americans eat hamburgers after parties like Japanese people eat ramen. I know that feeling. Thank you for being open despite the late night of the end of the year!
Normal Mac Donald's. We tried table service but they got our order wrong. Nothing special
A good and cheap alternative to eat something in Manhattan
Always McDonalds. They are well organized here.
How the warmth has deteriorated in this chain
Horrible, the hamburger does not taste like anything, I like Burger King better
always great
Most fat.
The fries are too salty. There is no healthy food, it generates bad habits and expensive prices
Good very quiet place to have breakfast near Penn Station
They are very loving and attentive! Congratulations!! We will always be back in a short time God willing!!
Very ugly place, dirty, they don't let you go to the bathroom you have to show the ticket. Very bad
Just like everywhere else, but in the USA with a very different audience. curious
Way too expensive!!!!
It was very quiet and clean. Good place to have breakfast..
The place is good, the bathroom is very dirty
Quick and you can eat at the local 2nd floor
Excellent service typical of McDonalds.
Fast food . Perfect coffee for the cold
They treated me well and delivered what I requested, the computers did not have clear options to place the order
The burger was ok but the coke had no gas...ï¿½ï
It is mc but the space is very small. In that city at rush hour you can't find where to sit.
Beautiful place, the attention was very good.
The attention is excellent! wifi etc. Like in your country! Economic!
New, orders are made digital in stores and there are fish combos here in New York
Bad attention. The cashier making a face and super rude. Other than that there is no refill
Good place to eat an appetizing meal, outside of medical recommendations
Prompt attention. Very quiet place in the center of all the movement.
A lot of people! Correct service. Bathrooms with very long lines
Not 24hrs! They said it was 24 hours and they said they would clean it and wait. what
Not worth it at all, Macs are better in Italy!
Even though there are many homeless people who enter, the service is good
Here I ate my last Mac hamburger of my life. It is a promise. Never more
I love this food and the service is good
Very dirty and with the presence of homeless people in the office
The best Mcdonalds in the Times Square area, quiet, excellent service!
Standard McDonald. There are kiosks for self-order. A LOT OF PEOPLE, constant queues. Some positions are missing.
Good prices at this branch
Fast food... Delicious... Taste similar to your country... good service...
EXCELLENT service all delicious and healthy  ½ï¿½
Small place but with fast service in the center of Manhatan.
Terrible, like all NY Mcdonalds, always dirty.
A must if you don't want to spend too much
The girl at the front very bad customer service.
Central location. Many people. A lot of mess
very fast service
A good option for those traveling with children
The Universal request!!!
The standard of the premises as practically all over the world
One of the worst I've been to. pretty dirty
It is. Mui. Clean the. Very person. Kind
neither good nor bad normal
Error in the orders and do not fill the fries
good ï¿½ï
excellent service
Fast service. Many options
I can't eat here anymore, I don't like the food
Little space available for meals
Snack ever! very few options
OK, not good and not bad
It is not very clean on the tables
Good attention but little space
Good place to go with family
Quite expensive compared to the many competition
Dirty tables, the rest ok
Good place thinking about food at the time of eating
I practice for a craving.
I used it on Mac in the morning.
very modern and clean
It's cool McDonalds from time to time
"Open 7/7
24/24"
fast service and cheap food
ýýýýýýýý ýýý
very good services
Excellent 
Excellent service
Very good
Quick
Excellent 
Very fast attention
It's fine for a meal on the go.
Fine. Large is Large.
Cozy and clean place
Free toilet!  ½ï
Excellent 
Good food
Not bad, half expensive
Terrible
speed and cleanliness
My tummy hurts after this :/
Very good service
Very rich recommended
It does not have a drink refill...
Awesome strawberry milkshake..
Excellent service
Ehhhh.
The food is delicious
excellent service
delicious
Very kind!
Lousy service!
Good.
not very clean
Does not represent company values
As usual
Like all the premises of this company
good site
Fast attention
Young and courteous staff
save from hunger
Slow and not long-winded!
long wait
Good 
fast attention
Too much confusion
mcdonald second home
Poor 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good place
Mcdonal what more to say
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Always the same
Neutral
Bad food
Excellent 
Excellent 
Cool
Excellent 
McDonald's service for the first time
It doesn't have toilets!!!
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent
Excellent 
month
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Poor 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good
not so riki riki
Neutral
Rubbish
soft drink without gas
Excellent
Neutral
Well
Excellent
Mediocre
Ricooo
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
live full
dollar menu
Excellent 
Excellent 
Well
ýýýý ýýý
just gamine
Rich
They are delicious
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good food
Terrible
Simply Mc Donalds
Good 
delicious
good at fast food
Neutral
Good food
Excellent 
Good 
Text fast food
Neutral
Good 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Also McDonald's!
Correct !
Regular
Poor 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Poor 
Good 
Good 
Convenience 7 off
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Poor 
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Terrible
Neutral
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Poor 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Poor 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Terrible
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Neutral
Terrible
Poor 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Terrible
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Bad
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Neutral
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Poor 
Poor 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Poor 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Neutral
Poor 
Good 
Bad
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Bad
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Poor 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Poor 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Bad
Poor 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Neutral
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Bad
Neutral
Bad
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Bad
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Bad
Neutral
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Poor 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Poor 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Poor 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Bad
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Bad
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Neutral
Good 
Good 
Neutral
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Poor 
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Poor 
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Cleanest McDonald   s I   ve been to in awhile. No major issues except I think my bun was molded    they said i
4/25/23 10pm-10.30 pm 2 stars for Juan who was a very understanding manager and who completely tries satisfying customer needs by keeping open the restroom for us. However, the lady working on cleaning duty resisted obeying Juan   s orders and consciously tried to stop us from using the restroom by creating excuses to the manager such as cleaning time and no paper towels. These hardships  invented by 
"Last night, I went to buy food around 11:00 pm while I was waiting for my food, I wanted to use the bathroom but it was closed. I asked a short African American boy for the key, who seemed to be the manager because he had a different uniform. and he told me that there   s not  bathroom. I told him that I already ordered food and I showed him my receipt, and he answered me again that there is no bathroom in a very rude way... he told me, take your food and go.

By the way, when I entered he "
"this is the worst mcd I've ever visited.
the illumination is dark, atmosphere depressing and everything looked worn out.
asked to order first in order to use the washroom. so I ordered a coffee. then the staff took a key and escorted you.
funny the way how he unlocked the door. Made me feel he's opening a vault in bank.
On the way out, I gave my coffee to a panhandling man who had 10x better manner than the staff inside.
An I whining too much?  perhaps. That's in NYC after all."
Shamrock shake was delicious... always a bit hectic in there but they get the work done
The Big Mac patty was perfectly dry with no flavor, just right for the drunk folks with taste buds vanished long ago in the weekend festivities. The staff was accommodating and friendly allowing us to use the bathroom. Kindness goes a long way.
Terrible restrooms. Average place. If you order from mobile to serve on a table, forget about it... You'll have to go pick it up. I don't mind that, at least inform that the order is ready to pick up, don't leave us hanging! Never coming here anyway. Giving 4 stars for food because its McDonald's, what can go wrong with pre-made food?
This is a below average McDonald's.  The self-ordering machines don't print receipts with your number so you better catch it on the screen because they may or may not see it on the system.  Fortunately, I was only getting some sodas and they didn't question my order but if it had been a real order it might not have gone smoothly.
Worst service I had experience in years. Bathroom was closed before 8pm and they did not empathize with me desperately needing to go pee so I had to go to a nearby pizza place to use the restroom. I ordered 2 medium Frappe and they gave me small. I would not recommend anyone because they do not seem to care about providing basic needs to its customers.
I placed a mobile order and within 5 minutes of entering the restaurant my order was ready. The food was really fresh and they gave me all the condiments I asked for. Great service!
Probably the cleanest McDonald in the city.  It's partly due to the posted security at the front door to prevent transient homelessness to take over.  Also the competent day and night managers who motivated the food preparation team to perform optimally.  This place should be the exemplary MacDonald store that all the other macDonald stores in the city should learn from.
Very dirty. Served cold drinks warm and without ice and very unorganized.
A friendly and responsive staff delivered (twice after I brought it back) coffee that was not hot. After the second time, I just gave my cup to my daughter whose iced coffee was way too light with cream and diluted. Surprised that McDonalds quality control failed on this visit.
They got fast hands to make a sandwich from 5 Seconds no wait in this day over crying good food hamburgers taste like McDonald's
Clean, friendly staff, and fresh food prepared to order.  Extra seating upstairs too.  I'm still not a huge fan of the ordering kiosks, but so it goes...
It's a hit or miss with McDonald's location. At times you can recieved a good customer service and wait a long while to get your food. When you finally get your food from waiting so long (this is when it's not busy), the food is not assembled properly or it's over cooked almost border line burnt. If you wanted coffee from this location, major of the staff cant make good coffee. I often look for a particular employee that makes it the best. On the other hand, this location is one of the most cleanest locations I've ever been in. Management does a good job making sure everything is clean and ready for business. Every time I come in their always cleaning the deep fryer, counters, refilling the machines and all, despite all the college kids and tourists wreaking the joint. They do pick up the place in high traffic and complete orders in a timely manner with sacrifice to customer experience. I would love to see more pride in the making of the order look close to the photo and consistency with delivering good customer service.
Security guard was threatening customers who wanted to use the bathroom. He threatened to pull a knife on a customer who urgently needed to use the restroom before purchasing his meal.
"04:18am 10.22.22It is written around the clock and there is nothing around the clock here, one deception is that there is something that is around the clock.

It is written that it works 24 hours, you arrive, nothing works there, it's a lie!!!"
The food was hot. The service was quick and professional. Drama free.  
Bad service. Waited over 30 mins for one order. Overnight weekend manager had a terrible attitude, was yelling and cursing at both employees and customers. I feel bad for the employees there for having to work under that stress
Just because the kiosks were there they didn   t wanna help. I couldn   t access the order I wanted so I went to the front tried to tel them 3 times but they didn ½ï
Disgusting customer service literally every time I come here. Workers are lazy, snarky, and rude. Today I ordered large fries and a lady there slammed my fries on the counter and had an attitude when my name was called twice. If you don't want to work with the public, please find a new job.
Horrible service. Employees look like zombies.. not welcoming at all. If you want to use the restroom there   s a 
So I went to order a hot chocolate and ordered it myself on one of there  machines.  I spent  10 minutes waitin for my medium hot chocolate. I saw there was only 3 people workin and figured they were short staffed. So I finally tell one of da girls dat I've been waitin over 10 mins and she tells me there's no hot chocolate and now I'm  upset cuz now I'm late to work!! If there was no hot chocolate then they  should post it on da screen  sayin not available. Not cool to mess wit someone's time!!! I then had to wait another 3 mins for a manager to refund  me.
Worst place save your money      ½ï
Very rude staff, the food was dry, and the store smelled weird. Go somewhere else.
Good food and kind staff. A lilbit dark
Great customer service during my todays visit! Great team work!
Horrible poor service all they do is mess orders up use containers to serve customers skinny blonde spanish girl just horrible someone fire her
Truly and CONSISTENTLY the worst McDonalds I   ve ever been to. If not for the proximity to my home I   d drive by without a glance. How can they be out soda?????     I can 
Wonderful experience. Savory breakfast sandwich was exactly what I needed. Orange juice had balanced, sweet-yet-tart flavor. 5 stars.
Is almost 6 pm, a lot of people waiting and you closed the dining area??? It has no sense
We were at the next door New York Univercity store and the kids insisted on going in once they saw the magical  iconic M, it   s been a while since we were at McDonalds, this time was a pleasure, the self ordering stands are amazing both to save time and to order more accurately exactly what you want, I had to order for 6 people including 4 kids so having the opp
The service was quick. The food is as one can can expect from a fast food restaurant but at least it's consistent.
the second floor is closed, very dirty, you can't get into the toilet.
Standard run of the mill McDonald's. We only had a coffee and a hot chocolate. But no problems
It's a good place to go and get a quick snack and drink  ½ï
"Things get a little hectic here. The staff do a good job dealing with some intense customers. You absolutely need to check your food before leaving because things will be missing.

It's tempting to knock a star off because of that but the staff is always really nice and quick to solve the issue so they get a full five stars."
At @McDonalds was trying to pick up an order for delivery come to find out a store that claims to be open 24 hours is closed please if you are not going to be open for 24 hours please turn off the @UberEats app and off the 24 hour decal it ½ï¿
"I bought an hazelnut coffee.. I received an extremely milky coffee and it didn't have any ice, I asked what happened to the ice, I was told they didn't have anymore. So why allow me to purchase an ice coffee.. Hash brown was hard as an rock.. Sausage egg mcmuffin was just thrown together. They need to get it together as far as Quality Control..

I usually don't write reviews I felt compelled to do so.."
"Out of all the McDonald's restaurants, this location had to be the worst - purely because of customer service.
Last night (22/10), whoever worked there needs to be let go. We and other customers were yelled at - the virtual cash register was not working with the receipt, so my boyfriend went to the front register to pay and the worker yanked the card out of my bfs hand, sighed like super annoying. When he turned around to wait,  we heard him saying out loud 'customers are so stupid, not listening"" :/
Myself and some other customers got yelled at for sitting down. I also needed go to the bathroom but didn't know it was shut but got yelled at. Not sure what was going on with rather staff but rude did not cut it."
When you don   t want 
Pretty busy and kind of dingy in lighting McDonalds. Service is not as fast as you might like, however the food is quite fresh.
This is one of the best McDonald's on the face of the earth!    ½ï
Was asked to buy food in order to use the electrical plugs, turned out they weren't working
I ask for bathroom and they told me the manger take the key . Shame in you .
A basic McDonald's but lately the restrooms are out of service In a couple of McDonald's even if you're a paying customer And sometimes  I noticed closing  off portion of the dining rooms  in some of the McDonald's when the places are busy
Very very poor service. Employees screaming and yelling and cursing to guest. So unprofessional
You guys shouldn   t have signs saying your open 24hrs if your not open 24hrs ½ï
the most terrible Donalds in New York!  The Big Mac is thin and wet, the French fries are rancid and lack the crunch.  The toilet is closed!  Cola is out of stock!
Good to know they are open 24/7 now
Nasty attitude Spanish lady who barely spoke English bathroom only for customers, hello I'm on the line ready to order
They tow your car. $430 to get it back.
Good job at night time even tho they are short
The place seems very understaffed for the amount of traffic that   s comes through this store so the registers are usually empty so order at the kiosk. The food might take a bit also but it ½
The food is terrible. Coffee is terrible the atmosphere sketchy
I ordered a lot of items, added and paid for extra sauces and they only gave me two sauces. What?? I asked for more and they refused to give me more and said    you cant have that much sauce    why?? I ordered 3 honey and 4 ranch and they wouldnt give it to me! Why cant i have sauce?? I cant eat dry 
For the love of business, update your hours. This location has not been open 24 hours in two and a half years. It's super easy. Just call Google.
It's dark. It's dirty. Carry your own napkins cuz they only give you 1 or 2. Everytime I've gone, the tables have been filthy, so have something to wipe them down. The food is always good though.
No one help me when I haven 
Was there about 2 months ago. Ordered a burger and fries. Fries weren   t too bad but they messed up my burger. I just wanted a plain burger, they loaded it up with things. They let me exchange it which was nice. The other thing that I didn ½
Fast service but restroom being locked just avoid tourists using. Should have been more organized with a sign for customers use only.
Absolutely terrible customer service.  Their self- ordering kiosks don't work. I scanned my DEAL, the kiosk directed me to order at counter where the manager insisted the coupon had EXPIRED because I scanned at Kiosk first. He said he could not override the problem which is what a manager is for. Very disappointed.  Do NOT recommend this location. Bad service
fckking cleaning woman didn't let me use bathroom mthersuck
Unfortunately had  a terrible street singer doing karaoke with a big speaker , loud and out of tune, its not the restaurant fault though they where nice
Probably the worst McDonalds I've ever had. Nasty burger/cheese/bread consistency, dirty place and rude service screaming at each other and not even looking at you while trying to be nice and understanding to them.
Terrible, kids from high school smoking inside restaurant!!
Manager called me out for seating and eating my food at 11pm. There were some seats available. Closes at 2am. If they don't want folks to sit they need to robe off all seats. Manager allowed me to eat.
This area is busy most of the time, but I have never had a problem with them. Everything always goes smoothly can 
Cancelled my order for a free chicken sandwich
The Big Mac wasn't fresh but service was fast.  ( I would like to suggest everyone to download their McDonald's app. They offer great deals & rewards points to receive free food )
Close not 24 hours.. don't know what time they close but not 24 hours
"French fries and nuggets are well
Made"
Ordered few times here, experience gets worse and worse. Triple cheese burger, only 2 paddies. I paid twice because the first order got canceled because of internet issues, they don 
"Mcdonald's food  is Mcdonald's food notting to it.
I don't like the manager.
But the location is very cool and the music gives you a good feeling.
Again I just don't like the manager."
Bought a coffee and after needed to use the restroom. Manager impatiently said no when I asked to use theres, then when I asked if they knew any nearby bathrooms he shrugged and turned around walking away. I get the bathroom is closed, but how about being prepared to help in a somewhat friendly way.
Waited for 30 mints after ordering, like a joke
Terrible customer service (every single time I go there)
They had a very limited space, but to make an agile experience, they have two big touch screen menus to place your order faster than going to directly to the cashier line. They only have one unisex restroom, so if you are in a hurry, be prepared mentally to wait. Anyway I think you'll enjoy your meal, if you take in consideration these things.
I ordered pickup through my phone at 10:55pm and didn't know that they close at 11pm. I felt so bad and was going to cancel my order, but they said no problem. They also gave 3 chocolate cookies for free, probably trying to get rid of it, but hey, free cookie is free cookie!
Very friendly staff, looks clean & service is great
Not terribly clean. Stopped in and decided to buy snacks here as we also needed a restroom. Sign was placed on the restroom marking it closed just after we received our order. Coffee drink my husband ordered was certainly not coffee, perhaps a milky product and lots of ice?
This location tends to vary in quality.  If it's raining, I would recommend you not go since they close the upstairs and the seating becomes scarce due to the campers taking up the front of the store. When it's nice out it isn't much better though since the place is very dark and feels damp. I how's think they are trying to help people not eat their food since it is a very unappetizing place to eat.
The golden arches they way they should be.  Fast, easily customizable ordering (at kiosk).  Food prepared quickly (and to spec) without issue. Nice indoor space - helpful and friendly staff.  This location sets the bar pretty high.
I want there today and order a small fries and a chess burger, the order came very fast but the cashier was with another customer she was taking order after she finish with customer she didn't even wash her hand or  sanitized her hand or she used glove she want and start putting fires and giving it to customer. I didn't even eat my fires . its Covid time be careful.
I ordered my food online got everything perfect. When I went to pick up my food I asked if they can show me which toys they had today because i wanted to collect all of they toys for my daughter. They looked at me like i had 3 heads and said, we dont have toys. I replied, no toys in a McDonald's? Thats a shame. They tell me they only have the old ones. So i ask another worker who was extremely rude, and ignored me the whole time. She then says give me 1 minute while having her back turned so I didnt hear it especially with these masks on. I wait a little and see her making little effort to help me as if i was asking for something not worth their time. So I ask another employee and she points at the other employee saying ask her. All I wanted was a toy for my daughter. Those employees need to get out of there if they dont want to work there.
Frequently drama filled. Staff can be disorganized and arguing amongst themselves in front of customers. Homeless and users are common. General stop for tourists to use the bathroom. Access to reasonably priced items relatively quickly makes it worthwhile for a quick visit.
"Closed at 5am at a ""24 hour"" McDonald's??

And now a week later cash only just like the chamber's st location... you kill postmates"
Its sunday and its says open at 6:30am people are waiting outside they said they need another 10 minutes while one of the staff smokes at door. Wake up earlier so you can start on time people!
The service was very good and quick and my French fries were nice and hot. There was definitely nothing that I could complain about. I would definitely stop in again the next time I'm in the area of this McDonald's.
Wow! Finally this location, an old time favorite feels like MacDonald's again, very clean, my coffee is always fresh and always the best when the staff is so welcoming. The bathroom is much better and neat. A cold Sunday, but a warm place to be. No loitering, no drugs, no pill poppers goating around. Just a great comeback! ½ï
Oct 21, 2018 morning.... they completely mixed up the order starting with the coffee. Asked for black coffee, opened the cup, it had milk in it. Ordered bagel bacon and egg and a bacon egg on biscuit both without cheese. Got sausage and egg with cheese on bun. Went back to switch, was assured I got the right order. Came to my table and realized again the order was mixed up. 3 tries to get the order right? Really?
Worst employees ever! Had to wait for 20 min and they pretend like didn   t even know that they have my 
Quick service easy ordering.  Not busy when I entered.
NEW MANAGER, NEW VIBE. great experience!!  The homeless shelter vibe is gone, the place is clean, the service is good. Thanks for adding the security guard and the great new management. Well that didn't last long... The new manager apparently didn't last.  It's still better than it was before though..
2 different visits: The supervisor in the grey shirt was the one give out the food with an attitude like he didnt want to be bothered. And I ordered 4 apple pies at night and all of them were old, dried out, and their box had no sell by time stamped so who knows how long they been in that warmer. Probably will place my food orders elsewhere
Absolutely unprofessional staff, disorganized, and angry. They were so angry and SCREAMING out the numbers into a girl's face angrily. They were talking about jumping a girl. And when I went to order I took a second to take my phone out to show her the deal I wanted and she snapped at me and said HELLO and repeated my order and said OKAY?! I said yeah but I have a deal I want to use. She waved it off and said "it don't work". She was snapping her fingers and voice. I literally just got there and she was just already angry standing there. I took my card out to use and she said "You have cash? That don't work!" As if I knew. She didn't state it beforehand. What I didn't understand was everyone else before me ordered with a card? So I just told her I don't have cash and walked off the line. I saw people using their cards and when I saw that I got upset. I just got done working a long day and I was tired and hungry and just wanted my McChicken and fries. I got back on line and there was her friend. The friend told me to insert my card. I asked her if it works she said yeah. I said so WHY did the other lady tell me otherwise? Then the lady saw me on line again she said "I just told her the app don't work why is she asking again?!" I said "Actually, you also said the card reader doesn't work and it does so I wouldn't know what's true or not?" She said "WHO DO YOU THINK YOU'RE TALKING TO?!" ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE SERVICE. They both started laughing. There was a pretty big spider walking around on the floor too. All the tables were dirty. And the guy cleaning was on his phone and rapping. And looking at other customers butts. She handed me the food harshly. They're all children. Immature children. Absolutely disrespectful.
Bunch of bums working here
My nuggets not only had a random piece of lettuce on top but bits of paper at the bottom of the box. Not cool. There wasn   t
Clean! The fries     ½ï¿½ï
Staff makes everyone use the touch screen that everyone else touches. Do you even have cashiers anymore?
They were cleaning surfaces while simultaneously serving food off them- and i dont mean they were drying, there was water sloshing. And bizarrely, my 10 piece mcnugget order was ready and bagged up on the counter before I even paid. I ordered at a kiosk, so no one overheard my order and acted fast... I got to the train station a block away and opened my food to find that my food was soggy and slightly brownish. Dont eat here at night.
Overpriced and NO REFILL. Avoid this place if possible.  
Which 24 hours is this place open?
The service was slow, there were 4 people ahead if me and only 1 cashier.  Then it looks like the manager or supervisor opened up.  They didn't have Sprite, or Hi-C orange.  Some guy in a black tank top got up from the table and walked to the back where they were preparing food. Now I realized it was an employee, not in uniform.  Bathroom was out of order and every table that I went to was dirty.  It's been a while since I've eaten in there, it looks like new management??  I'm concerned.
The food is predictably reliable, as it is part of the McDonald's NY franchise.  Automated ordering and paying with a pick up counter puts this one up-to-date.  But the clientele here may be a little... wilder than some other locations, and at this one, the single bathroom was unsanitary and had no working lock!  Ugh...
Terrible place filled with druggies and bums, there   s even a security guard who has to be standing there making sure everyone   s safe or kicking people out. The seats are ripped and extremely filthy I could imagine bugs b
Absolutely functional! You can order fast and sure, when I went I was sure that It would take lot of time but that didn   t happen, the food was cooked in just a few minutes, and it
Pretty cool one.
Customer service is very poor. For the frosty, they added the toppings on top of regular soft serve and didn't even bother mixing in. And when I asked for ketchup for the fries, they handed me the ketchup box for me to grab some ketchup packets.
Good luck getting service. I tried to order at the counter instead of the kiosk, and stood there as 3 people directly on the other side of the counter ignored me for ages. I could understand if it was busy, but I was the only person there! I finally gave up and went to Shake Shack.
They're rather consistent at this McDonald's. The food obviously taste the same everywhere so I don't feel I need to speak on that aspect. The workers listen and it's a quick eat everytime I go on my break so I can't complain
You can sit and eat inside. The quality of the food is always on point during Breakfast and lunch hours. I have yet to visit during dinner hours.
The worst one in the city. Finger indentations in my squashed triple cheeseburger gross! Cold and disgusting tasting too.
Food was good , I honestly didn't really pay attention to it. I just needed to order food so I could use their bathroom to roll a blunt. The stall was big enough to spread out and break that loud up. So I twisted and bounced but the realized I left my Swisher Pack in the stall. I returned and as I was walking in a guy was coming out. He had my wrap pack in his hand to throw away when we connected eyes. So we talked for a second and decided to match. My boy met up too and we burned down. Dude musta threw some PCP on his because I was tripping balls soon after. I woke up the next day naked in a field with the cops asking questions. I dunno man. 5/7 would do again though
Very quick service, surprisingly easy to operate their self service kiosk. Order was ready really fast. I usually don't go to McDonalds but I was in a tight time crunch. For a McDonald's restaurant it was not very busy. I would definitely go back to this location if I needed to go to McDonalds in New York City. Highly recommend stopping in to this location if you are in the area.
The 1st issue with this McDonald's location was at 7pm they don't have sweet tea.  Secondly, the water for a hot tea was luke warm, at best, then when asked, "Is this the hottest this water can get?"  With a response of yes.  This is at 7pm.  McDonald's food quality has dipped since this pandemic and I suppose it's because if it.  Boooo.
Staff Super Ghetto
"Lousy dirty dangerous place. Full of junkies, crackheads and homeless people. This place should have an armed security guard to keep it safe and clean.  Do not bring children here. Do not step foot in here. Worst I have ever seen.

There is one bathroom that locks and it   s filthy"
This is a 24/7 location, which is great. The receipt printer was broken for a while which was annoying because they would still read off the order numbers as a method of calling people. Also, the layout is a bit odd. It narrows significantly in the middle of the store, making it hard to get through to the doors and the counter at busier times.
I had the fries and coffee. They were good.
"I ordered an M&M McFlurry and paid. Then they handed me an Oreo McFlurry and said they were out of M&Ms. That is not what I ordered so it was very disappointing and annoying, but since I'd already paid there was nothing I could do but keep the Oreo. Then when I asked for my receipt because I didn't want them to leave my credit card info on the counter they started explaining that they're out of M&Ms--a concept I understood even though I was annoyed about it.
Also, the bathroom is gross and the top floor is never open."
Every franchise I have been to in NYC has been very disappointing. Most team members, not all, loathe their job. Furthermore I can never reliably tell if McDonald   s is 24hrs anymore because of the inevitable  ½ï
The night supervisor in grey is very rude. Although it says 24/7 they often close around 1 am.  Unless you order uber eats u are not able to come in and place your order.
Best for quick breakfast.
They moved fast but it wasnt very crowded. The food wasnt that good it was no salt on the fries and my burger was extrs salty. Then they gave me orange soda because they didnt have strawberry fanta but thats def not what i wanted. If im ever in the area i wont be coming back here.
It's fine. I love the seat setup. I just don't understand why the upstairs is always closed. This is one of those places that usually has ice cream
VERY Busy If Your Looking For "FAST Food" This ISN'T The Place, Depending On WHAT Time You Come, You WILL Be Waiting For YOUR Food For UP TO 15-20 Minutes....And MOST Of The Cashier's Attitudes Are WORSE Then The Wait LOL....Oh And Your Probably GOING TO Be Approached At LEAST Twice By A Junkie Or Homeless Person WHILE Your Eating....BUT Enjoy The Foods OKAY....
Busy as heck, but it does what McDonalds normally do - gets you standardized food quickly without any fuss.  One-person bathroom for customers only, but two levels of seating.  Honestly, we want here because we were burned out from a day of "touristing" and just wanted something to eat quickly.
Really rude cashiers. Bathroom was broken. Awful hot chocolate.
DON   T order through uber eats they forget to give you the sauces
"Great service, and extremely quickly served.
Very friendly, kind and professional staff.
Will most certainly visit again.
And yes, the food in McDonald's is always satisfying. An American Classic. ½ï¿½ï¿½ï"
It's not a bad McDonald's by any stretch of the imagination, but there are better in Manhattan.  It's fairly clean, there's plenty of seating, the food was made well.  There are none of those fancy new ordering kiosks, and the bathrooms are dirty.
The cashiers seem to have no idea what is going on. Mess up orders. Literally give small portions. Ordered a sandwich and they gave me one of smallest chicken that i've seen. I wouldn't recommend this place. Find a better McDonalds around.
12:43 am on a Sunday. They were closed. 24 hours is not accurate, please update the hours. -signed, heartbroken and hungry
Very clean nice friendly staff & the coffee is delicious. I enjoy the 2 for $6 fish sandwiches.
I dont like MacDonalds in NY.  Has a horrible attendance and this thing of asking to open the bathroom to be able to use is not pleasant. On one occasion my niece went to make the request for all and the security said that if we were not going to buy nothing was to vacate the table. 
The place is not crowded, because the staff work really fast. They are so nice and friendly.  ½ï¿½
This is the worst McDonald's in New York City. The heroin users congregate at the main table in front of the register and they harass customers as they come in. They nod off and just buy a soda or water to occupy the table for hours. There's homeless in front of the McDonald's and to the side and inside there's a lot of shady individuals that are just sitting there coming down off heroin highs. The service is mediocre and the atmosphere is gross. For it to be across the street from NYU this should be a whole nother level of security and quality.
Absolutely horrid customer service; and even though I have lower expectations for a McDonald's in food quality, this has particularly bare food taste and is often served sloppily. Eye contact is optional in their employee training, apparently.
They have a security guard who has the key of the restroom and he thinks he owns it he got upset because I was holding the door for my friend to use it cuz he was waiting too as I did ,the security guard doesn't come until 7 am so if you buy something before that you are not able to use the restroom until he comes ,the bathroom doesn't look from inside means that anybody can open the restroom while you still using it, he also was arresting us cuz my friend took a little bit longer in the restroom and he ask me if my friend smokes I think that unprofessional!
My food was delicious but they did mess up my order. The bathroom was so nasty and there is nowhere to put your stuff while you hover over the piss covered seat.
Very convenient location where you have NYU School, NYU Bookstore, subways and buses, Footlocker, Buffalo Exchange store, Washington Square Park, Joe's Pub, Donut shop (I highly recommend), etc. Lots of students around....always a busy area however; McDonald's is kept clean, on time with food, but go at a time when it's less busy.
Got my order quickly, unfortunately had to eat outside. Just spoils the experience. Can't wait til this covid thing blows over.
The usual steady consistency in their coffee and brew fresh when asked. Its not the best but brew fresh and stronger than DD any day
"Food was the bog standard, biggest issues here are:
1. The cheeseburger I ordered had a hard bun.
2. Service was terribe there should be lines or devides to clearly mark queing lanes rather than someone shouting ""There are three lines"" and there be nobody serving in the other 2.
3. They messed up my order (seems to be the case in every McDonald's in NYC they seem to miss out 2 of the things on my order, that being fries or drink.)
Wouldn't recomend."
took ten minutes to convince the staff to let me use the bathroom even after purchasing a full meal, because    someone was in there ½ï¿½ï
Customer service is horrible! Its law U cant reject TLC driver to use restroom! Keep closed your one star toilet! U dont deserve uber ride at all!
"REALLY BAD SERVICE.
The people working there throw your food, the hamburger wasn   t even well done and gave me the wrong drink. Their service is just TERRIBLE! "
Better service than usual. manager moved my order along. He wanted my order number to ease the wait!!
Not open 24 hours. Workers shut the store at around midnight if there ½ï¿½
"Was cursed out by the employee that was mopping (in Spanish), thinking I couldn't understand, which I could. And then the staff just giggled. McDonald's, hire people that actually read the requirements to treat their customers in a respectful way.

Thanks."
It was my first time visiting this location it was nice. It was clean, staff was helpful. I would visit again if in the area.
Not bad manager is rude to customers n employees, food was good kid at register was very nice
Why did I ever think think that McDonald's had anything good for cheap. The best thing is their overpriced fries. The burger mouth feel was like tofu. I hope millennials kill ol' McDonald with their healthy spending habits.
It was really busy and the late night staff was out numbered but they pulled through and did a very great job. I am very proud of them and also my sammie was yummy
Typical McDonald's experience. Long lines. Long wait (considering what you're getting). Rude, ghetto employees. Equally rude and ghetto patrons. Just there for a cheap "quick" snack or meal.
I don't think I will be going to the 1st Ave and 14th street location any time soon.  Too many people just sitting around occupying space without ordering and I saw individuals walk in and  walk up to the sofa machine with their own cup and serve themselves soda and walk out. One guy came in with a bag from KFC containing 2 buckets and 4 boxes with a cup and take soda from the machine and walk out.  Crazy
This place was okay it wasn't crowded and the food was very fresh is nice quiet place to sit and eat
"Taylor was absolutely amazing to me...
This was great experience after having bad ones at other locations. Very happy. Will come again."
It's a place you can't stay for more than 30 mins even though you buy its food. It's better to just close this McDonald, so that the manager will not worry about the time anymore.
Ive been going to this location for a long time and when the seats began to look worn they were there within a few days to renovate and make it sparkle again.
No restrooms, no seats to eat, no stars
It ½ï¿
Restaurant is a ghost town and I am thankful for it (lots of non paying customers normally around). Food is fresh and staff is very efficient.
Check your bill after order we've got 'extras' for 2$ we didnt order and while we were waiting they did same for other customer. And btw restrooms are disaster.
"I ordered hot chocolate on machine and when I went to the pickup they told me it was sold out...
And the floor is really dirty. Clearly this restaurant is out of management."
Mac chicken price is $1+ Tex I ordered 2. But they charge me $5.88. Also they gave me wrong serial number almost 30 minutes I waited. Really suck....
This is by far the worse Mac's anywhere in the world I have been in,and I have been in a lot.Some of the seats are worn out and need replacing.The toilet was closed down and the security is sending people to a nearby pizza shop.
It's a McDonald's. Nothing amazing. Wasn't too clean but I gave it 3 stars cuz my vanilla shake was made quickly and tasted better than normal.
This place is not open 24/7. Please adjust your expectations accordingly
crispy spicy chicken sandwich,crispy spicy chicken sandwich,crispy spicy chicken sandwich is all i have to say you must stop in and get it and mix it with a hamburger and you will have whats called a mcgangbang you will be glad that you did so, and will never get anything else, please stop and get a milkshake and fries with a stop in there.
My order was wrong, nothing was right about it. I'll never go there again
Walked in and ordered, easy peasy. The counterperson helped me with my order. The lobby was very clean!
One of the best McDonald's in the West Side Uptown, they're actually fast, food is always well coked and good care of customers and this one has a customized dispenser!
"Not the best McDonald's
Out of stock on alot of items"
Its... McDonald's. If you've been to one you've practically been to them all. Service was nice enough around breakfast time, food quality can be hit or miss, do they even care about Google reviews?
Service is okay -- not the fastest but not the slowest. Seating is limited. They have a bizarre sign "no loitering - 30min max".
Have to wait for a while before I
the customer service is terrible, they speak very badly to the clients
At this location you have to wait a long time for your food it's usually cold and I'll sign the garbage cans are so full no one empties them out don't like that
Traditional run of the mill McDonalds. The food and staff and everything was what I expected of a McDonalds. I'm not personally a huge fan of McDonalds but if you are this place would be great I imagine. Also don't forget to use their app they have so many great coupons and offers on it so you can get free stuff.
The food was ok but the staff were just rude and have no idea of what customers are. The security guard was a good man tho.
Cold nuggets cold fries slow service chaotic. Dinning room not clean. Server unfriendly to patrons who were not her color
The slowest service I have ever experienced. Even after ordering online I wait for far to long for pick up.
Very upset about my ice caramel macchiato.  Why so much caramel syrup??   Enough to make another two drinks, ruin it.  Threw it out smh
Clean and efficient service as well as a delicious menu.
There was a very bad smell in the store fr a homeless guy but it is OK w me... we all have to live w compassion and understanding ...
Love how they serve your meal if you eat it, and how much easier it is to pay as well.  Family friendly place.
This MCD need a serious improvement.  The fast food is extremely slow + their ordering in line is horrible.   You end up waiting over 5 min to place an order then 10 min to get it.   #HORRIBLE
Machines where broke ,they messed up my order , there was no real management here at this location it needs alot of work !!!
Very helpful, I got a nice vibe from the people that were working tonight. It was the best time waiting for McDonald's, especially their music tunes  
There is a very obvious sign in the top window that says they're open 24 hours. Upon entering, an employee claimed that they were closed. After asking about the 24 hour sign, I was given attitude and told again rudely "We're closed"
Hours are wrong 
Very horrible! , disrespectful employees, never answer phone calls . Completely awful. Ive been to many McDonald's and this been the worst .
I had gone there to study was able too get a lot of work done plus food is great an customer service awesome.
scam!!!they don't work around the clock
Staff was very fast the French Fry's needed more salt
mold??
It's was fast service and it was cleaning up well there..
Meals and counter service have improved. Open 24 hours to a diverse crowd of locals, tourists and visitors.
Its opened 24hrs and the night staff is excellent now the morning staff sucks big fat balls domething or some one needs to fo something about that
Burgers were cold. Fries were not cooked fruit punch was warmwith the ice in it.
Nice open 24 hours
Not 24 hours! Closed at 1:30 am !
"Bad experience. Manager took a break and the toilett key with him, so, no toilett service for hours.
Jan 24, 2019 6pm"
Lines are usually quite long and don't move very fast. If you need a quick meal go across the street to Fresh & Co.
Horrible service . Manager try to Force me to use a dirty computer to order my food .
It's ok. I mean... u get your food fast and you get out faster
Itwas nice and great but the rest room I waited in line but the upstairs was. Available
Good ice vanilla sugar free coffee
Absolutely worse McDonalds I've ever been at. Service horrible, workers very bad appearance and just standing around not doing anything. Bathroom broken. Just bad!
Not a great experience to be honest. They messed up my coffee order and the bathrooms are pretty bad.
Good location and same great service!
I personally don't like fast food but McDonald's is a mainstay. NYC has much more to offer than that as a food choice.
Ha I ordered a small fries got a large loved it ... lol
They prepped 130 nuggets for me in 10 minutes..act of god or act of satan..who cares! Excellent setvice.
It was decent, sent a mobile order in and it was ready before I got there
Tough neighborhood! Lol Who would think one could get shot at Union Square!? ï¿½ï
Every employee standing around texting and talking. Got my order completely wrong. Filthy lobby. Just really no redeeming qualities here.
Okay so McDonald's had great food an great shows the manager was going crazy  ½ï¿½
Unfriendly employees who don't really care for people, they there to collect their paychecks that's it. Acting like robots
Restaurant is aged.  Chairs mostly torn.  Ice Tea is as sweet as syrup.
Hi nice
Never open 24 hours. Always closes around 2 AM. They really need to change the hours online.
Decor is great, but it's dirty. Gets a lot of homeless and druggie types hanging out.
The best thing about Mac Donald's while wandering in NY is that you can use their bathrooms. And get a coffee  for a good price
My daughter loves having her pancakes from here.love the coffee. Nice staff
Wrong location. This place was great.
super fast, even though they forgot my fries and i had to go back.
Stopped in for an ice coffee and regretted it immediately.  The place was a mess from the garbage cans to spilled beverages near the registers.
Decent enough McD. Service fast, fries hot and fresh, no trouble finding a table.
insane staff.
Closed when it says 24/7 on Google Maps
It is a small McDonalds in Manhattan. Not very crowded. The staff is grumpy. The food is what you can expect at McDonalds.
Pretty fast service compared to others.
Deliciously good
A homeless guy asked me for money to get something to eat. I told him I would buy him something and he asked me for McDonald's. Seems to be the customer base here.
I'm a big fan of this McDonald's, never seems to be a long wait and the staff is competent which is a pleasant surprise
It's McDonald's, there is a bathroom for customers. Not sure what else I can say.
Worse McDonald's I've  had so far food tastes and looks like it was  made hours ago not made when ordered
Numerous people screaming at each other and almost getting physical, dirty tables, vandalized seats. Absolutely unacceptable and dangerous!
"Had to ask to have the table cleaned.
Pan handles nearby, unfortunately.
Prices and food were the usual."
It's McDonald's what more can I say. Other than it gets really busy there, though checkout wasn't too long. Lots of shopping nearby.
Good food for a good price ï¿½ï
Not bad nice & clean
Wendys is better but this place satisfies the munchies. Watch out for the dopeheads and crack fiends looking to score!
One of the cashiers was given tho much attitude and didn't have patience for the customer/s to get the coupon
2 levels and really fast service. Always clean and friendly staff
Fast paced
Had a wonderful experience, thank you
Took mad long getting my m&m McFlurry, missed my X27 express bus the last one of the night, all because they didn ½ï¿½ï¿½ï
It's a crack house that sells McDonald's. Everyday. All day. But NYU is just a few licks away smh
Not so safe but good worker's
This location is not open 24 hrs as indicated, closes around 11pm
What more do expect from a fast food restaurant.
Not much I can say, it's a McDonald's. Customer service was good.
Good service, can use the kiosk to order with credit cards
I don't eat here but it's clean and there's machines that you can pre-order at
Good place to eat. Very friendly away from tourist lol
If I could rate this place a 0 I would. No smoothies or drinks of that sort both times I went. WORST customer service I've ever encountered. Avoid this place.
Employees they just play a lot of,talk a lot of and they work properly
It's always smelling weird, not talking about the food. The bathroom can be gross at times!!
It was alright. Service could be faster.
About what one would expect from a McDonald's  ½ï
Fast clean got what i wanted.no problem.
Nice place, food is good, quick service, price is ok...
Not usually crowded which I like. The staff could smile more though.
We received great costumer service. Thanks for all stuff
Not friendly, tables were dirty, they were out of some  of the sandwiches
Always a pleasant place to stop for lunch and take a break.
Kinda dirty but super friendly service.
Nice McDonalds but the problem is all the junkies and high school kids be in there fighting and hanging out  I really feel bad for security and the staff
Service was quick food on the other hand was k
They didn't mess up my order
Okay today
Says open 24 hrs, however says only uber is allowed to make orders.
Its NY but come on, you can't clean the restroom. Also, getting the key to use it is a hassle.
Convenient with the kiosk to customize my order and pay wirelessly.
The worst one ever... So rude staff. Dirty floor... Won't come back.
Poor customer service. Needs better management and SECURITY.
It was the worst experience it sucked I got home and everything was wrong
Good servers , food was perfect !
Very slow service at this McDonald's and the tables weren't clean at all! The floors were sticky too!
Always there when you need them I wish they made the old coffee though
"Very dirty
Table never cleaned
Restroom out of order
Do not forget to bring your maid with you if you need clean table"
Your average McDonald's. Short wait, ok food, fast service. You get what you expect from McDonald's.
Great to have this so close to the university must do great profits here!
Clean, fast & professional service.
One of the nicer McDs. Friendly staff and clean place to eat
Dirtiest (especially the bathroom), slowest, and rudest McDonalds I 
The service was good the bathrooms are very dirty
Food is never hot and fresh
You got to order at the kiosk!!
I was order take out, they May used return food (cold burger  ,different bread , cheese)
Hotter than Central America in there  Must have been over 40 degrees (that's Celsius).
Late night snack.
They said they had two lines to order. After we split into two lines, they only took care of one line. That is so ridiculous.
Clean. Fast and efficient for the time I was there during a weekday.
Friendly service lovely environment nice people
Good for late night bites near the train while around the NYU area.
I has been a long time since I had McD. I was good.
Yep that's a mcdonalds
Rude people behind the counter, and literally waited 10 minutes for a large fries and 6 piece nuggets.
Very little seating inside and no bathroom
Don't go no more 24 hours
Quick and convenient
Love this place .always clean and great service.
They always have my coffee ready when they see me.
Fairly clean and friendly staff, music is too loud.
Fresh hot food all of the times that I've been there
Good customer service bad security guard had bad attitude.
Delicious food. Fast service. Clean.
Dark, dirty. Homeless seating inside the restaurant with a foul smell
The place was Filthy and the Seats are All Badly Torn. This McDonald's is a DUMP... FIX IT UP...
Staff had attitude won't open the bathroom
Good quick service and plenty of seating.
No toilet paper in the bathroom and it smelled horrible
20 minutes for two burgers while every one chats, texts and caters to friends ....
Clean tables. Fast service and friendly staff
Wasn't the cleanest.. but it's McDonalds
This place was already slow, now the touch screen kiosks make it even worse
It's the city... It's always packed and always there's interesting people here
they have customer care
Almost felt like the good old days
Never overly crowded. Service is decently quick.
Very crowded during the afternoon I recommend going towards night
This McDonalds was sort of like purgatory. Lost souls all over the place.
Employees refuse to open the door for anyone
Quality tends to be hit or miss, and this location has gotten rather pricey.
Service was great food excellent!
No refills on drinks WHAT? Craziest thing I ever heard
Had gone at 2am, staff could be better
It is not open 24hours
good place to stop by if you need to pee
consistancy. Other restaurants in the affordable bracket ought try it
It's alright. At night it can be peaceful.
Billions and billions served here. I like the self kiosks to order food.
Dirty, messy, stinky. The only positive note is the staff...
Great service and food was good.
As the previous reviews have pointed out, this McDonald's seems to also be a homeless shelter.
I like to order here whenever I want to add more layer of flab
Nasty inside and burger was not fresh at all avoid!
They could clean the tables a bit more ofte5
Nicely remodeled. Still great. Love it.
Better the pictures of the food than the food itself
Needing to use a bathroom here is like asking the Queen for her royal jewels.
Dirty and security guard wants to kick you out for no reason
Order  take it on go... great  
Five stars solely for Mac attack Thursdays. Otherwise your typical McDonald's
Very quick service and accurate order.
Love there fries and there are so friendly
Slow
Everything was inacceptable.  (Service Slow ...Slow...and slow) washroom was disgusting.
I don ½
I asked for a double quarter pounder with no pickles and guess what. It had pickles on it.
Very friendly associates and fast services
A place where you can eat & buy drugs at the same time lol. Not even in Brooklyn.
Fast and friendly service.
Horrible The fries taste like ass
Milkshake are so much better then the uk
Deadass one of the best McDonalds word on my timbs.
The fires was nasty they messed up my sandwich twice
Rude customer service. Left without buying food.
Very large, lots of space to sit
Pretty typical NY McDonalds, from my experience
The personal is not kind. The food is alright.
Store was dirty and the staff were pushy.
Nice location. Decent service.
Good food, clean, quick service
They got out all the drug addict from the stite
Well they messed up my order 2
Staff are bot too friendly...they seem annoyed wven.
Always being harassed by security and beggers there can't eat in peace
Not open when its supposed to be
Still some of the best coffee for the price. Starbucks, take notice!
Great place and food too.
Ok breakfast skip biscuits tasted old
Restroom out of service. No reason. They don't want us to use it.
I got 3/4 nuggets in my order  ½ï¿½ï¿½ï
Tbh every McDonald's in the city feels like a portal to hell
They got best egg McMuffin
Food service okay, needs cleaner bathrooms
2 story McDonald's, very fast service... It's McDonald's!
Normal McDonald store, however there was a lack of hygiene.
Order missing n not properly cook
Very good
PRETTY MUCH THE SAME AS EVERY OTHER ONE
It was clean and the food was good
Just renovated..... Nicely done
Standard fare.  Better after the renovation.
Small servings. Not clean enough
It's McDonald's, for when you need those 1 am french fries.
Restrooms out of service and terrible guy at the pick up post
Short line. Good service
Comfortable place
Mc  McDonald never   Answers my calls  and questions
it is always crowded machines don't work
Good service, no refill...
Excellent working staff.
Need more people working service to slow.
I love it my american home
Takes forever to get your food.
Quick bite,fast service.
Even had built in wireless charging.
Rude employees & there are always beggars.
Efficient with getting out in a timely fashion
Fast, clean good service.
My lucky receipt
Dirty restroom slow service
Restrooms not available. Unfriendly staff.
quick check out and clean
Not open
Cleaner than one would expect from a McDonald's.
Bad food - rude staff
Thanks for fish specials  this is Lenten Season.
Dirty and cheap like all McDonald's
McDonald's has really cheap good coffee!!!
Was pretty nice McDonald's. A
Very poor service and untidy.
It has 24 hour Breakfast.
Good food
Ba ba ba ba bom I'm loving it
Should not be rated this highly for breakfast.
Nice for a quick dining.
Friendly and fast service.
Normal McDonald's not much else to say
Mediocre quality. Often chaotic.
Fast, Accurate and usually Friendly
"Bad....hard buiscuts...
Nasty...."
Nice and clean place
It's a McDonald's, we've all been to McDonald's. What else can I say
Closed when is supposed to be 24 hours
Taste so good
Just like any McDonald's in the world.
Furniture needs to be replaced urgently.
Food was grease and cold....
The counter was unfriendly and unwelcome ï¿½ï¿½
Scariest McDonald's I've ever been to
Have dine in tables
Good customer service.
Took the niece's and nephews out again
It was ok ,kitchen was dirty
It's McDonald's, why are you reading reviews?
Treat customers very bad
Great atmosphere
I'm Lovin' it and the McNuggets
Garbage food..garbage prices..garbage employees
Love that double quarter pounder
Nice staff friendy
Clean and fast service.
Bad service
You get a dinner and a show.
Who doesn ½ï¿
Fries could use more salt
Clean, fast service.
Bad place to receive service
Easy place for food
Very nice workers
Another McDonald's. Just good when you have no other choice.
They need more cashiers
Fast and not crazy.
Quick service
A very average urban McDonaldï¿½ï¿
Cuz its Mickey D'S
Open 24/7, clean.
Good food
Fresh food and clean
Service is too bad.
Dirty restroom, old oil fries
The toilets were disgusting :/
The worst McDonald ½
Clean restroom, short wait.
Awful!!!
Good for fast food
I gotta stop coming here.
Not too crowded
I loved
I love the nuggets
No bathroom
Fast food
Disgusting food!!!!! Cold!!!! Food!!!!!
Staff is always rude
Good and neat
You know what you're getting.
my go to cheap lunch
How can you go wrong
French vanilla  Ice coffee
Another Broadway McD, don 
Fast and salty
Not bad
Ratchet .ghetto messy unorganized
Just Mc.
Place could be cleaned
The usual as usual...
Not to much attention.
Simply. Cool
It's OK place.
Avoid at all cost.
No toilet paper
Too many homelesses
So dirty
Great service .
Great service!
The service was slow
fast food 5 star
Student discount for 10%
Ok customer service
I hate McDonald's  ½ï¿½
Mecca for junkies and the old.
Too fat
Broken toy >:( :(
Fast
Food is great
Everything was fresh
24 hours a plus
Well... ok.
Good for a McDonald's....
Nice.
I mean, it's just a city McDonald's
Food was terrible
Good.
It was ok
Great!!..
Great food
I'm lovin' it
Ok.
I love MacDonalds
Good service
Nice place
Good service
Is a dirty place.
Great
Bathroom is disgusting
Solid McDonald's, and I came late
Nice toilet!
Great service
Courteous serverd
love it
Place was dirty
Great as usual
Great envelope
Close early
Good place
Ok
Convenient , clean
Closed at 2am
This place sucks
Ww
Poor service
Awful and disgusting
Good coffee
McD
As always
Satisfied
Fast and Friendly
Good place
# 3
Okay place.
Good
Fast and fat food
It was  ok
Salad and frosty
Typical Macdonald
Nice place
Love
Slow service
It's alright
Nice
Good
Tasty
Top
Convenience to work
Awesome
Delicious!!! 
Nice place
Nice place
Correct
great
Decent
Rude
Worst
Needs renovation
Average McDonald's.
nothing good
rude
amazing
Good 
It's a McDonald's, and that's it.
Disrespectful
Yum
Sucks!!!!
Ever hear of it?
Pipe burst.
Mac
Poor
Bad Attitude
Standard mcdonalds
Clean
Quick food stop
Come on... It's McDonald's
Love that McDonald's
Typical
Clean
Dirty place.
Good 
Dunno what to eat
It is Mcdoalds
Inexpensive
It's McDonald's
it was mcdonalds
Hamburgers
Excellent 
The best tacos I've ever eaten. Friendly and smooth service that runs like a machine. Los Tacos No. 1 really needs to come to the Netherlands! Or rather not... otherwise I will gain a few kilos.
"Service to review and the toilets closed for no reason.

8:00 pm they close the space for seating. ï¿½ï"
"Extremely rude checkout staff.
Toilets closed without explanation.
Dirty place."
I wanted to get a McFlurry. Unfortunately it was out of stock.
The service was very bad, the guy at the cashier was annoyed that I spoke to him in Spanish by mistake, additionally, the food was very regular.
Mc Donald 's but with the best sandwiches ... could it have been hunger?
With how expensive everything is, everything is already long since I didn't eat a hamburger with chips
Better place than others, I just asked for a soda.
"I tried to enter the bathroom I saw that the door was closed and I turned around to leave when I had a security person on top of me yelling at me telling me to go away and threatening to kill me and making the gesture of cutting my throat I went back and forth behind me yelling at me again I don't understand how a person like that can be working security with that aggressiveness and without empathy for people.
I tried to enter the bathroom I saw that the door was closed and I turned around to leave when I had a security person on top of me yelling at me telling me to leave and threatening to kill me and making the gesture of cutting my neck I went back and forth behind me yelling at me again I don't understand how a person like that can be working security with such aggressiveness and without empathy for people

ï¿½"
We went at 9 pm and we couldn't sit down because they were cleaning and the first floor was already closed. They practically invite you to take your food and go. Terrible managed.
"fast food restaurant
dirty restaurant
Service not pleasant
Drink not good and I asked to change it and I was told ok but you pay when the ice tea had no taste at all
extremely disappointed"
Own. But the reception a little cold. This really baffled me because tourists are always well received. I will not have spoken in American, I may have understood.
A very degraded place, and the staff is not friendly
Ok super magnificent place
Two giant women who stay at the early hours refused me service just because the order was large. They invented that cards weren't working, but a customer had recently passed a card. Both lazy and aggressive behavior. A fat white woman and a black woman. At 5 am there are almost no stores open, I had to get hungry. Never again will I go to this place! I don't know how the franchise owner allows this type of employee on site.
"A bit dark place
but clean
kind service
Regular network prices"
The order was simply forgotten. We only received it after asking.
Everything delicious...as you would expect...Service fast and friendly...The shop was very clean...
Those who work there do not pay attention to the tables. Dirty tables. I had to clean them how unpleasant
Table not clean, no toilets... Staff hardly friendly, except the security guard... you have to be hungry
Below-average M ½cces, especially in terms of cleanliness, but also the friendliness of the staff. You know that from Germany much more professional, cleaner and above all friendlier. I like McDonald's, but we won't be going back here. What was good: there was enough space and on the upper floor you can also look
Small food, there is nowhere to sit, the taste of the food is regular and they literally take you out and restrict the counters to eat when they are still taking orders at night.
Within what is normal for McDonald's
I rate it as good! Nice physical space, service too. But unfortunately the place only had 1 bathroom. Men, women, children and the disabled. 1 toilet. 1 sink. 1 changer. Oh you can imagine!
It looks like a market place, the security of the bathroom lacks class, he is a very shocking person, rude
For a fast food place the service is slow.
It has fast service. Only that for Chileans it is very expensive to buy in NY
"The person who cleans is completely dirty, poorly dressed and smells bad. Besides, he started yelling at us for sitting for 5 minutes to choose the menu, he even threatened to call the police, he literally ran us out of there, the moment I went to place my order the cashier treated us very badly, I do not recommend it to anyone, the worst McDonald's in New York.
The person who cleans is completely dirty, badly dressed and smells bad aside we started to scream for sitting 5 minutes to choose the menu, even threatened to call the police, we literally ran out of there, the moment I went to place my order the cashier treated us very poorly, I would not recommend to anyone the worst McDonald's in New York."
very clean
Unspeakable, to avoid as much as possible, better to eat pizza for a dollar.
The rating is acceptable ... But it's quite decent considering that this is the center of New York and you won't find cheaper food than in Mac. Actually, there is nothing to look forward to.
General cleanliness leaves a lot to be desired.
No restaurant available. No toilets. A shame.ï¿½ï
Good, free refeel in soda and a bit strange atmosphere
Very bad customer service. Before ordering my food, I wanted to use the bathroom and the security didn't let me use it until I paid for the food first... it's illogical...
One of the nastiest mac's I've ever been to. Small, loud and very dirty (read: toilet, tables, floors, brrrr)
The food is bad and the service so good
The attention of the cashiers is not very good, that's why I don't give it 4 ï¿½
Very rarely go to the M ½ci... But not recommended in the USA.... Small portions and actually too e
very nice and clean
Efficient service, but dirty bathroom and noisy clientele. Good point for a break
They do not allow consumption inside the premises. Quick take away service.
Terrible the place you could not sit down as an excuse the pandemic not recommended to go to this mc establishment
Too many people and toilet not working
Terrible service I do not recommend coming to this mc donalds bad sellers
Dirty place and long wait. The food is different than in Italy
Not clean, no ketchup and mayonnaise, the toilets are closed. Not tasty
The food is rich, it is a good place, it is in a good area
Same as those found in France. Okay
I prefer Brazil! There's cat shup at will, tastier burger!
A fast food as we know many. Clean and pleasant staff.
The filth of the bathrooms is impressive. It is not possible to think that an internationally renowned chain maintains the bathrooms in that state.
Very very bad security
They have music as if it were a disco. Here you can not eat you go crazy.
All very well
Too bad, the staff was about to fall asleep and therefore forgot a cheeseburger right away ï¿½ï
I only went for a hot chocolate and they took great care of me.
People have an attitude that since they don't want to work, they just wait for the time to leave.
Like any other in the franchise, only this one has Coca-Cola of many flavors, each one more disgusting
I love the big Mc and the fries at Mc Donald's
It was terrible, poor attention and with a dirty bathroom that it was impossible to enter
Good food and attention. Good option to get out of trouble at all times
There are always a lot of people who sit for hours and like to listen loudly to music and some other crap, not letting them have a normal bite to eat ..
Refri a.will the bad thing is that there are beggars sometimes in the place
Very dirty and there is no place to sit..it has the second floor but it is closed
Terrible service!
I always send via Jedlog and they are punctual.
Poor cleaning place. A single bathroom and in poor condition.
Generally good care. In the United States it has a good price.
Excellent, very clean establishment.
Noisy
Quick service but lack of cleanliness
Whether in New York or elsewhere: Mc Do is equal to itself!! correct!
Very friendly, they treated me super well
Always close, with all services
Don't make an effort, slow... not the friendliest of McDonald's
A McDo in NY, is good!
Convenient. Cheap. But still not a fan
To eat something fast and cheap every day
Perfect. A little small for the people who go.
Very good service, great employees
ýýýýýýýýýýýý ýýý
I go to that place when I'm working near that Mac Donal
we save you. As usual. The rest inedible or priceless
It's junk food, but the way I like it!
Excellent place. Plenty of space unlike others.
For in McDo in the US this one is premium
Just to use the bathroom when you're walking
Products always in line with the company
Very noisy, toilets locked all the time
Okay
The location is very good
Very dirty
Excellent atention
Excelent service
Very pretty
Excellent 
Sometimes you can afford
Severe robbery. very little food
Very small but clean
Very fast and delicious food
Eat on the 2nd floor, nice view of Times Square
Better here than in Italy
The speed of delivery of the products
Nothing out of the ordinary. Typical McDonald's.
delicious their Caramel Frappe
Delicious
Good 
THE SERVICE IS EXCELLENT.
Wonderful and very fast
bad service!
The cutest staff in all of Manhattan
Good like every McDonald's
mixed count
Quick and delicious breakfast
Good deal and prices
Very very dirty.
Fast food in an accessible place
I suck everything..
What co
fast and rich
Good 
Bad
Excellent 
Not bad
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Bad
Expensive
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Poor 
Poor 
Neutral
Neutral
Neutral
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Clean
Good 
dirty bathroom
Always on time.
Bad
Okey
Light
Ehh
Optimal
Excellent 
Well
Neutral
Excellent 
Rapid
Good 
Excellent 
Well
at least
tasty
Bad
Neutral
Poor 
Rich
Good 
Bad
Just one more McDonald's
ýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýý ýýý
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Gee
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
plain fast food
Neutral
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Boooooooo
Good 
Fast food
Typical McDonald's
A McDonald's
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Neutral
Bad
Excellent 
Excellent 
Poor 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Bad
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Poor 
Excellent 
Poor 
Poor 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Bad
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Poor 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Terrible
Good 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Poor 
The staff was incompetent and couldn't handle the rush, resulting in long delays and mistakes with orders.
Neutral
Neutral
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Poor 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Terrible
Neutral
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Poor 
Good 
Excellent 
Poor 
Neutral
Good 
Neutral
Terrible
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Terrible
Neutral
Poor 
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Neutral
Neutral
Neutral
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Poor 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Terrible
Excellent 
Excellent 
The food was cold and seemed like it had been sitting out for a long time, and the staff was indifferent to my complaint.
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Terrible
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Poor 
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Poor 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Poor 
Neutral
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Good 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Poor 
Poor 
Poor 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Poor 
Good 
Poor 
Neutral
Excellent 
Poor 
Poor 
Neutral
Neutral
Good 
Terrible
Excellent 
Terrible
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Neutral
Good 
Poor 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Poor 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Terrible
Neutral
Good 
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Poor 
The fries were soggy and seemed undercooked, and the staff didn't seem to care about the poor quality.
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Terrible
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Terrible
Excellent 
Excellent 
Terrible
Poor 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Poor 
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Terrible
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Poor 
Excellent 
Terrible
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Terrible
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Terrible
Neutral
Good 
Very convenient location, area looks safe. The staff is friendly and fast. The restaurant is open 24 hours a day. The fries were very fresh and my Big Mac was perfect. There are some downsides: it's always very crowded and they don't take cash when paying.
"Order took longer than usual, and was missing a McChicken the first time.  Had to wait a long time after that to get another one.

Picture shows how beautifully it was made.

I was also given few napkins, and had to ask an employee for more.

There was a couple of homeless people that wandered in the restaurant that made me leave early.

Would give 0 stars if I could."
"I bought a tea today March 13,2023 at 7am and I asked for cream on the side. When I poured the creamer in the tea was expired. Please see attached photo.

I also bought food. 2 3$ bundles and everything was cold. I tried calling and no one picked up the phone."
For a McDonald's, this location isn't bad. It's renovated with artistic walls that creates a more inviting atmosphere. When I went on a Monday evening, the space was clean with plenty of corners to sit. Service was a bit more friendly and faster than expected.
The staff is not good. Rude. Didnt even heaitate to take my order. I was trying the screen when The manager came and took another persons order and then i gone to him and had the order taken. He was helpful and in 2 mn my order was ready. Had some beggars on premises asking for money. Was not busy. Had lots of free seats.
I got a sundae and My sundae got knocked over when I went to sit down , I asked the manager in the picture below for a new shake and he said it   s no refills. So I   m explaining to him that I   m not getting a refill my sundae fell at the table and he keeps yelling    read the sign    . I tried giving him the sundae  back i
I asked for a refund for poorly made oatmeal. The worker got upset with me asking for a refund and threw my money all over the counter and told me to "have a good life". My oatmeal was literally only hot water. Then the worker stared me down very hostile as i left the store.
Nice McDonald's in a high class section and the staff was friendly. I enjoyed eating lunch there and sitting and relaxing.
Normally, I do not use McDonald   s for meat products on a Friday I do not have any option as a muslim and do not find any Halal restaurant nearby then I go McDonald   s and try to get some fish fillet and fries some drink
Pretty decent McDonalds to get decently priced food in the heart of Lower East Side. The interior is super spacious, there are kiosks built into the walls, and the bathroom was super clean. Unfortunately, they closed the second floor for reasons unknown. It was also super busy when I went (Friday Night) so the orders took an extremely long amount of time to prepare (over 15-20 minutes).
Not much for expectations when you enter any NYC McDonalds. This one is aesthetically pleasing, having recently been updated. Clutch location for fast food anytime.
The service was excellent even at all hours very hard worker and very clean for the amount of traffic flow. My experiences here have been memorable. Keep up the amazing work McDonald's.
Got two Filet-O-Fish sandwiches.  Both were good as expected.  I ordered through the McDonald's app and opted to pickup my sandwiches at the drive thru.  I told the employee at the speaker that I had an app order to pickup and gave her the code.  She instructed me to go to the first window.  There I was given the receipt, thanked, and told to go to the next window.  At the 2nd window I was told to go to a 3rd window to pickup the order.  The 3rd window is kind of funny, since it seems like an afterthought.  Since it is at the corner of the building close to a sign, it is difficult to get close enough to be handed the order without scraping the side of your car. Then to leave you have to turn your wheels hard right.  The employees were very friendly.
"Ordered on the machine because the workers were too busy talking.  Pay by card at the machine and no receipt comes out.  I tell the worker I didn't get a receipt and he says ""don't worry we will bring it out."" I dutifully sit down with my table number with my family and wait. I really wanted my receipt, and, as you can imagine, this will be important later.

So we sit around for a while, I go and ask for ketchup, cream, and sugar.  Get like 4 ketchup packs for 4 people's orders.  Ketchup poor I make my way back to my disappointed family and dole out one ketchup each.

More waiting, finally I go up with my table number and ask about the order.  The same worker looks at me and says ""do you have a receipt?"" My pocket-version of Kafka bursts into flames and I can only laugh at the absurdity.  I finally get the attention of the manager who manages to pull my order from the void of the machine.

Why two stars? Because when the g
Food came the bread was good, it tasted ""fresher"" than other recent McDonalds forays and  from the time they pulled the order to when we got the food was pretty quick."
All I needed was an iced tea - it took over 7 mins. They wanted people to use the kiosk I guess. I decided I just won't go back.
"Fast and reliable McDonald's, the McFlurry machine is always working which is a nice bonus.

The IPU boys can lick my butt."
Drive thru friendly and the request on how u want your food they comply.......kristy ...very friendly real customer service
I ordered 40pc chicken nuggets and only got 20. Someone needs to learn how to read better. It wasn ½ï¿
Driving can be a bit awkward here, with a sightly confusing entrance/exit and with very limited parking that can get clogged when there are cars entering or leaving.  That said, they've consistently done a good job filling my orders and never given me any reason to complain in that regard.
I place my McDonald   s order at the wrong location 
Asked for a plain CHEESEBURGER. Literally reiterated twice that I still wanted ketchup AND CHEESE, just no pickles or onions. Got home ready to eat and this is what I get. Very disappointed.
Drive through hours say open till midnight. Just drove through at 11:11 and even though several workers clearly seen inside, they said they were closed.
Wonderful staff. Very accommodating. Food was made quick and well
Yummy yummy  ½ï
Avoid at all cost, they always pull you forward even if you got a simple order. Rude staff do not come here
Well no body tells you you have to order in the machines cause supposedly they take orders and the register but not body comes to get your order I wait , and wait , and wait for 8 mint aproximily and no one get my order ...and did and the machine ...but the company had to understand no all the people can order ...like people use glasses and forget them , old people don't know the technology or you don't bring your card to pay ... I know is easier ...but at least have to be one person to take your order on these cases . Well is my respectfully opinion
Slow slow slow, decided to try curbside because my last 2 experiences were really slow through a couple other McDonald's drive thru lines but this was worse....waited 30 mins for 7 hot chocolates and watched 3 times the amount of cars go through the drive thru while i waited....poor service, I even had a guy come out and tell me it would be soon about half way through waiting but still nothing. Finally brought them out and they were just warm milk no chocolate. By gar the worst experience I've ever had, just asked for a refund and left...
It's mc Donald's,      what else does one explain?
One of the worst McDonalds I've ever been to in the world! 1 person works here!! No cashier, no one in the kitchen, 1 person at drive through!! Totally unacceptable!
Of course this is my home McDonald's so I know how it works and how quick they are and how good they are and I never have a problem with this place it's not big it's just a small one in and out it's all you do I like that
Ive been here before and given them 1 star due to slow processing of order, been here again and it change  so giving them 4 star. lets come back and check again next time.
I ordered 2 milkshakes. They just left one of them at their prep area almost 10 min. After 15 minutes past I got one melted milkshake (look like creamy milk) that my kid refused to take it. After left there, I drove back and asked them to make a new one.
Something has really changed at this McDs.  Went at 7:30pm on 8/19.  Line of cars not moving for ages.  Then finally moves and I had to get their attention at the drive thru order area.  So many people there, the food should have been hot and fresh.  Burger and fries were stone cold.  The crew seemed to be focussed on other things.
Driest English muffin ever. They never suggest a deal.
The best food quality was the best ever.
"Everytime we go through the drive through here something gets missed.  The caramel flavoring is missing from my latte today. Fruit Fly is the OJ. No syrup in the sprite. Missing order items. There is always something.
I realize it's a busy place but some attention to detail is needed."
Glad I walked in. The drive-thru line was ginormous. (TWO lines!) Ordering inside was pretty easy - a couple order kiosks or a plexi-barrier'ed pair of cash registers. Time spent waiting was a lot less than if waiting in the drive thru lanes(s). Clean tables and floor - actually being mopped while I was there.
Ask for King Pin. We order the regular/not spicy chicken nuggets. We did not see the difference in price. I asked at the window and the guy was really rude. When I asked for his name he said "You can call me King Pin". If he had just said the regular nuggets were two dollars more, it would have been fine. HE WAS ABSOLUTELY THE RUDEST PERSON I have dealt with in a long time
This might be one of my least enjoyable  McDonald's locations. Food orders are wrong, bad parking, slow service, entitled employees. I would go out of my way to NOT go here.
What you expect fast food period! Nothing else.
I would give this zero if I could. I just wanted to order a sausage egg and cheese breakfast sandwich with scrambled egg instead of classic. Normally there is no issue. Today the person at the drive through decided they could not do that. After asking him if he could check he said he was the manager and no. I asked him for his name and he refused to give it to me. It   s not even about the egg. I couldn   t believe that he would lie about being manager and he was working the drive through. I ½ï¿½
First of all, I can't understand why they had such a poor design with parking. Parking is hard to get into and the shopping center has such a big parking lot. It's such poor design. Then they take a while for dine-in. It's faster if you order on the kiosk or app instead of waiting for them to take your order.
Not very convenient if you just want to dine inside there's very little parking and difficult to get to other than that the food is the same.
I had to go around the drive through 3 times to get everything that I ordered. Though people where usually very nice and apologetic.
Easily and consistently the worst McDonald   s I   ve ever been to. The kitchen staff either doesn   t care or doesn ½ï¿
Good Old McDonald's at their best as usual. Unfortunately timing is everything. Took me 20 minutes from the time I ordered my food to get my order. I couldn't figure out how they could be so crowded without even a place to sit down. Unless they all had a terrible time at the cash register which kept in there after ordering. I've been to this McDonald's before, it's been slow before. But nothing like today. terribly disappointing. My first five minutes I was with an inexperienced cashier. So I can't blame her. Before the manager to take another 15 minutes ridiculous.
This is scandalous I came to this location and it was closing one of the employees went running to put some cones on drive Thru to make it seem they are close. It was 11:00 pm still one more hour until they close .
If I didn   t have a baby with me I 
Too many cars driving thru, traffic mess almost always, I park in 99 Ranch Market/Target parking lot. No kids play area, and outside seating RIGHT next to Drive-Thru, no plants or buffer wall/separation. Only minimal indoor dining. Not best of fast food places to go, many other ones nearby.
This Balboa McDonald   s is one of the worst in town. I don   t know why I keep going back. Well not anymore. Today   s mess up after a long slow line and being asked to pull up and wait, I got home and was missing 2 cheeseburgers     ½. Clearly on my
They don't clean their soda fountains or ice machine.   Not to mention how slow they are at taking orders when walking in.
"Quick accurate drive through. Maybe too quick when not sure what is being ordered. I asked about new $6 deal. She rattled off what comes with deal and placed order and gave total before I could digest what she said.  Slow down!
Fries were perfect. I love the fries!"
"I ordered a Sprite and waited for my receipt and watched the girl throw it away as I waited. Ok. I drive through to pick up and am told that Sprite is out.

My issue is that no one knew. Not when I placed my order or when I went to pay. Even the guy at the 2nd window didn't know until he tried to get my drink.

So I ask for my money back. The guy asked me for my receipt. For a dollar in the drive thru. I told him the lady didn't give me one. He takes a few minutes and then asks me to pull forward.

""For a dollar?"" I reply. Bc really this is ridiculous. The last time I pulled forward no one ever came! Plus the guy didn't even confirm what I am waiting for - a manager or my dollar?

I finally got my dollar tho."
Very small McDonald's. There is like 3 tables inside and 2 outside. It gets crazy busy during lunchtime so expect your order to take a while or be messed up. Also, parking is limited.
Customer service needs more training.  Girl (I said girl, I meant child), looked frightened to be there.  Good news - I ordered 2 lg Frappes and they gave me a punch card to get a free one after buying so many.  Only McDonald's I've been to with them.  So good job!  And girlfriend, practice makes perfect, put yourself out there!
Be careful parking on the south side of the building during busy hours because the cars in the drive thru will block you in. It's very tight.
Can't take an order. I ordered 2 happy meals and they recorded one. At the pay window I corrected their mistake and paid for two. Then at the second window they only gave me one and insisted I only paid for one. They absolutely refused to give me 4 little nuggets and a couple of fries. This is the McDonald's closest to my house and I go there frequently. Well not anymore. I hope the $4.99 they stole from me with make up for the $40 I typically spend there weekly.
My daughter and I stopped in for a quick bite about 3:30 on Saturday 14th. We were charged for something that should have been free. The young female supervisor or manager that had to take care of the refund was very rude and unapologetic for their mistake. The worst customer service I've had in that square in years.  Perhaps when they did the remodel they should have gotten rid of the terrible staff as well. Come on McDonald's you can do better than that. Please take some pride and have expectations for your employees serving your public. Terrible place, I truly hope they fire that supervisor, trust me she's not worth the money she's being paid.
"Went through drive-thru. McGriddles were hot, hashbrowns were cold, orange juice was room temperature.

LEO GETZ WAS RIGHT!
DON'T GO TO THE DRIVE-THRU!"
Mcdonalds new blueberry pie is dope, not gonna lie..
Save your money I went there today and bought a big Mac when I got home there was no meat on it 
Qu8ck drive through service. Staff was nice. Food good as usual.
McDonalds Balboa. The one next to the gas station. Probably the only McDonalds in area that ignores customers at the front. I literally had to get agressive and ask for a Manager on duty to get some assistance. What really ticked me off was when a guy came in on a wheel chair and we were both patiently waiting for some assistance. Customer service definitely isn't a priority at this location. No "Hi, welcome, we'll be right with you". Nothing. When I told the woman there that they had customers, all I got was a "I know". Unprofessional, unapologetic, and uncaring staff and I think the woman may have been a supervisor/manager. Her shirt was different from the rest. Would rate this store a 0 if I could.
How do you go thru drive thru and they make you pull over to wait for you food in this heat and bring you the wrong order TWICE?!! And than when I take it to the manager she has a whole attitude and snatches the bag and remakes it with a whole attitude.
The food was good and fresh but the order was missing the fries I had ordered with the combo, I ordered but didn't get the receipt, and when I tried telling them the order was missing an item, they told me I needed a receipt, I get that, but the fact that they didn't give me one, and I gave them the order number and everything even showed them the order I received, but they still wouldn't give me the item that was missing
Same gas station in Chula Vista read my other post hey follow me too leave a remark on my work
The restaurant is actually usually very clean and nice. However, I'm giving only 3 stars due to its setup to serve drive thru customers and not walk-in guests equally. While seating is usually available and clean, it is very limited inside (there's also limited seating outdoors).
Drive thru service is awesome. I haven   t pulled my wallet out yet to pay from coming around the corner after ordering and I can see the second window with a worker holding my or
Mobile ordering has made buying easier and coupled with their unbeatable deals makes for great fast food. As others have said, parking is scarce and cramped and the interior is VERY cramped. I recommend drive through all the way
Worst large fries ever. DONT GO TO THIS ONE. ALL OF THEM WERE STALE AND UNSALTED AND COLD.  WAITED FOR 20 minutes with no line.
I don   t usually do reviews but today, one of the worst service I   ve ever received. As I pulled in the drive thru the girl working (Elizabeth)  it had a really bad attitude I honestly don   t know if she   s having a bad morning or something but she didn ½ï
The employees are friendly, but it takes too long to place your order and then get your food.
Gave this spot a second chance, Simple request no cheese said it three time to make sure. Girl at register confirmed the order but guess what they put cheese drove all the way home to be disappointed u guys are the worst.
Today I went in and bought a happy meal for my 4 year old, they are advertising Toy story 4 toys which was the toys she had been asking for, we opened her happy meal at home just to find out she got a peter rabbit figure instead.    ï
The only good thing McDonald's has is the Shamrock Shakes.  If they ever stop making these I will never go back.   I do wish they would put them back in the large drink cups.  It seems the prices keep getting higher, and the cups are getting smaller and smaller.  Very sad.
We just tried to come through the drive thru it's 11:49 pm the car infront of us got to order , we pull up and the gentlemen tells us your closed ? I would understand if you didn't just take the order of the car infront of us. YOU CLOSE AT MIDNIGHT NOT 11:50 ! If your gonna close early and deny service,  deny service to everyone 10 minutes early !!
We have to go to Burger King, we have more then 15 minutes waiting and both lines was very slow. No moves at all
All sodas were completely flat! So I asked to pay the difference for an iced coffee.. I get a hot coffee then we get burgers with no meat!! It wasn ½ï
I hate this place I do people that work there they should pay more attention to there customers not cool at all people should not go but they do I guess they like the food or what really I don't really care at all
Very very rude employees, rushing you to hurry up and when giving you your food they throw it on the counter and walk away before asking you if you need anything else. When you do need something else you have to stand there tell they rudely look at you and come back to ask    What? 
Ordered from this McDonalds on Uber eats and was missing items in my order when I called to see if I can come get the items the lady hung up on me.
This McDonald's has probably been remodeled two or three times. The interior is TINY. Like REALLY TINY. If you're here hunting happy meal toys, they charge you $2 for the toy, some places will charge only $1. You can use the McDonald's app here, but beware the tricky mobile app order and pay. Mobile is a pain to use, they're not always able to know where your order is, and it takes way longer to order on your phone or at a kiosk than it does in person. Drive-through doesn't get too bad because there's tons of food options nearby.
This location is pretty nice. I haven't gone inside but I go through the drive thru pretty frequently! Everyone is always very nice and I always get my food quickly.  ½ï¿½
"Yeah, the food here is gross. First and last time here. The nuggets were brown--not golden brown, BROWN. The parfaits looked really unappealing. I'm thinking they were frozen and then sat in the sun and baked and then were put back in the fridge. Gross.

They had me park to wait for my order. I stepped outside of my car to make a bottle for my baby. The drive thru worker stuck her head out the window and yelled, ""Your parfaits are ready!""

    Do you have feet? You want me to walk"
Will probably update with a coveted three star review after I go eat some after work dinner SpaghettiOs and am not pissed. Apparently my kid and the employees both counted two less McDoubles than I paid for and, guess, guess what, seriously, four french fries instead of five. They stole my fries just like the last time I ordered fries for myself. So dad doesn't get his burgers or fries, cool. Or maybe I can drive a couple miles through rush hour traffic and complain about a location I've always had problems at to a person who doesn't care. Think pizza night needs to be more often!!! No wonder all these big fast food places are going out of business in Clairemont.
The fries were soggy even after I had requested fresh fries. They always forget something, so check your bag before u pull away
I am allergic to milk and ordered hamburgers without cheese. Their tag says no cheese, but the burgers have cheese. I called, and they offered to fix it if I go to them - not so helpful. I guess it ½ï¿½ï
The person ahead of us paid for our order wasn't able to thank him but if you see this thank you you were in the Dodge pickup truck
There was a roach on the counter by the register. The cashier and several other employees saw it. They looked at me waiting for my reaction. I will never eat there again, since the last review stated there was a roach problem. They obviously haven't done anything about it . I will never eat there again. And I'm reporting them to the health department.
"Food ok

Employees at the drive thru
Should all be fired.

They no nothing about people
Skills or customer service...

I wont go back

Keeps happening to me..."
Love the pricing and unique item offerings.
"I happen to love Tommy's, but it definitely is not everyone's cup of tea. Their chili burger is their traditional specialty. It has meat, chili, tomato, onions, and pickle. The chili seems greasy but I love it.

Tommy's is an acquired taste. I've been going to the original tommys since 1968 in Los Angeles at Beverly and rampart. That shack is open twenty-four hours a day, and you basically eat outside, putting your food on a ledge and standing to eat it.

This Tommy's is a more traditional restaurant, where are you give your order inside, pick it up and sit down in comfort.

I love that the fries are large because they hold the heat much longer than small fries.

I used to order extra chili with my hamburger, and it made things very messy. What I learned at this visit was to have the chili put on the side, so I could add it as I wanted.

there are many different types and flavors to chili. This was brought home to me one time when I was at the original Tommy's and picked up my burger and drink right after a couple. They ended up eating nearby, and I heard the mail of the couple exclaim, ""That's not good chili!""

I was wondering what part of the Southwest he was from because of his critique. I just about choked on my drink when I heard him say, ""If you want good chili, you need to come to New York!""

I'm sure that there are good places to get chili in New York, but that guy was probably one of the people that considers everything west of the Hudson River to be a dining desert."
They messed up my order and I only ordered 3 small burgers. But I called and one of the managers said she will fix it for me. Food was good no line at the time I went
Top G
Never good! Food was cold, fries were soggy! If I want with someone I wouldn't have even gone. I would give zero stars if I could
"No hashbrowns on their all day breakfast menu. No water dispenser like some McDonald's. Limited menu, slow service - counter was completely unstaffed for long periods of time while customers lined up.

Inferior McDonald's, keep driving."
Definitely a super busy drive-through between the hours of 7 and 830 my order was taken accurately food was hot and it seemed like it was fresh ....no issues
Horrible service, waited 10 minutes plus to get service, the "Manager" showed up and said she was busy she could not take my order
I love McDonald's. But always something wrong with my order? This time, I didn't get a cheeseburger. Only the bun with cheese!
I don't know why but I love their cheeseburgers, something about the flavor of the meat that I really like. I got 2 Mcdoubles and 6 chicken Mcnuggets for 5 bucks, its a good snack for a cheap price.
Wish they had vegan options. We have to go to another place for a vegan burger.
"This location is I've of the better ones. Friendly and quick service. Food comes as expected and the fries are as good as you might expect from McDonald's - which is amazing.

It's McDonald's bro. MURICA."
The service is horrible! The workers don't wash there hard after taking the trash and the manager smokes mirjana before and after work hours,I came into the McDonald's and it spells like a stuck inside really disgusting!
NICE FOLKS AT THE SMALLEST MACDONALDS I KNOW BUT HAVING A BIG HEART IN GETTING THINGS DONE RIGHT WITH AN EFFECIENCY AND A SMILE..MAINLY A DRIVE-THRU BUT SEATING AT ABOUT 6 TABLES OR SO..QUAINT..BUT NICE..
The nuggets had a nasty after taste. The Big Mac was good
Great customer service I've ever experienced at a McDonald's. Very clean and all the employees are friendly and very helpful.
After leaving the Balboa shopping center I grabbed a Big Mac a few times. They have the 2 lane thing going on. That's a plus.
Ordered mcnuggets with Hot Mustard sauce. Gave me Honey mustard sauce... And they flipping want $15 an hr?!?! Can't even get your order right!!!!
worst service I've ever had! I was standing there for 15 min for them to make me one drink and there was no one else in there. They were caught up in there own conversation and not helping me!
All of the employee's there are so calm and kind, and are very paitent when you are making your order.....its just amazing
Every morning they provide great service. Glad they are open at 5.
Service has always been friendly. Traffic flow isn't great during a rush. It's a very small store, with homeless hanging out around it quite often. Needs a remodel.
Ice cream never fails, staff found our bag, called the police to help locate us. So kind of them.
They seriously have the best nuggets and great choices of Dipping sauce.
Just your average Mac-donalds, the service was good and the place was clean
Keiosk ordering for fast food is horrible, removes the people element of jobs. Service was very slow with this system, and I will not be a part of this again. It sucks
Always a great place to stop and use the restroom and grab a value fry ½ï¿½
Ordered breakfast biscuit with ham and a large coffee got a biscuit with bacon which tasted awful coffee was cold won ½ï¿½ï
Always have a good experience here.  And the food is never jacked up.
Excellent, classic Micky D
Love this McDonald's so far my orders are right and the staff is very polite
Great location qnd easy access. Definetly put the fast in fast food.
Food was good and the place was very clean. Just need more room in dinning area.
Great customer service!! We were very happy.
The service is good and fast and the food is regular McDonald ½ï¿
These employees are sitting at a table with the doors locked and the store closed but its a "24 hour" McDonalds and its 12:47 and I'm pretty sure it shouldn't be locked and I should be full
The customer service was great, and they were quick to be of service and fix any issues with haste. I'll definitely go back.
Limiting 5 happy meals per customers. Ridiculous!!!!! I have 6 childrens. "SMH" UNBELIEVABLE!!!!
75% workers speak Spanish only so you can't customize orders because they don't speak English
McRon's baby! Consistency is their policy. That's why my kids love this place.
Mickey Dees Baby!
You need to love this place.. faster service, hospitable and friendly employees, clean restaurant and good/quality foods.. check them out and visit..
Blonde Maddison lady had the meanest additude i asked for fresh fries and I got soggy old fries
Ordered from the kiosk. Was quick, easy & convenient. Was able to customize my order.
The ordering machine messed up our orders, we wanted a plain cheese burger and a normal one and it didn't show on their screen the plain one while they were cooking it
This is not a full features McDonald's. Most of the service at this McDonald's comes through the drive through, and there are only a couple of tables inside.
Last 4 visit I went to two different McDonald order shank still not working.
Slow and gets orders wrong all the time don't bother
This location is great.  Has self-order Kiosks and the service is quick and friendly.
Kinda bummed they got rid of a lot of their chicken options. No grilled or any salads of any kind.
Does not open when it says they are in the morning. Super disappointing every time i come here. Save your time and money and go somewhere else!
I used to come here every day for coffee and an occasional hashbrown.  I did that so much that I was familiar with the staff and would tell them "see you tomorrow".
"Why is it sooooooo hot inside the restaurant? It's cooler outside!

First McDonald's I've been in with no a/c."
The staff was nice, the restaurant is just a little small, so be aware.
Soggy Big Mac. Soggy fries. The drink was the only good thing.
Super slow.
Your average McDonald's. They kept it clean, and it's a good area of town. Very quiet.
So far no food poisoning. There's a random man who comes at around night time and sometimes tries to talk to you.
Smallish restaurant. Fast service. Have kiosks. No play area. Outdoor seating available.
Staff is friendly and helpful. Parking makes you scratch your head, wondering, "What were they thinking?".
Order was wrong. Took forever to get one item remade.
Not the best customer services but it's McDonald's, the food was good
I love the staff, but the little Mac lack luster, the buns was dry and the patty was burnt.
Waited 10mins at front counter for service no one ever greeted me or attended to me horrible customer service
Showed up at 10:31 and wouldn   t allow me to order bre
Slow, nasty and the burgers look like they were run over with a steam roller.
They don't serve breakfast all day. Very disappointing.
They're everywhere. Great place to go if you're in a hurry and you don't need any nutrition
Fries were reheated. The guy who took order messed it up but staff overall was very nice
Friendly customer service and clean environment. Will definitely come back
Slow, sometimes you can get an oatmeal throughout the day but then there are days you can't?
Small parking lot but great customer service
Quick, friendly and got my order correctly
Mc Donald's always does that. Disgusting costumer service.
Friendliest McDonald's yet! Very clean ... a great place.
Need a drive thru only sign
Fast and friendly place.
The Best service
Everything was perfect and the lady behind the counter was really nice
It's inexpensive fast food, but it tastes reasonably good.
The manager was very rude, every time I try to talk she would cut me off
I love the fish fillet sandwich and fries with  
Small venue,  smaller than usual menu. Had the feeling of a food court version of the restaurant but in a major shopping center.
Very friendly employees wait time in drive-thru is substantial on most days
Worst McDonald Ever :/ well i guess worst people inside.
Waited way to long for ice cream
Got two quarter pounders. Both COLD. So they do not make when ordered.
I love fish fillet sandwich and fries
Just a mac donald. Drive thru was pretty fast when I went there late.
Chicken mc griddle were so good
Very fast service and friendly staff.
Fast, accurate service. Food was fresh.
Umm it's McDonald's...Pretty good one tho :)
Spicy BBQ chicken sando - bun was firm - go to chick fila
I go for Friday Fillet O Fish Sandwich and French Fry's Yum, Yum!
Microwaved breakfast burritos, steamed and stuck to the wrapper.  Not good.
Good service and delicious fresh fries
Food was fresh and soda was perfect!
Tiny mighty McDonald's good customer service
You know it's Mc D's, always get what I expect.
Dropped in for some yummy fries on cheat day .. worth it.
Quick pit stop.
ROACHES!!!!!!! Somebody call the health department! I told the manager and they acted like it was normal.  Disgusting!!!!
You get exactly what you expect every time and I like it
Really enjoyed how fast the service was.
A great place to get a quick snack
Limited parking, homeless folks live nearby outside
Good and fast drive through
The food was fresh and hot.
Went in for the tea and it was out at the self service counter
Received a burger with the bottom Bun full of grease...
Great! Fast and friendly people.
Usually very crowded and very little space  inside.
I like the ice cream and the Big Mac
Very cool and High Tech McDonalds
3rd time maybe they will get it right
Good, better than the vista location
My go to mcds best location
Not many seats for dining in.
Good service just small
The new chicken deluxe
Rude employee and terrible service.
Fresh and clean. Fast service.
Never again.  Yuck.  Nasty.  Catch my drift?
Pretty good fast food
You can't go wrong here.
The usual rubbery unhealthy mandatory fuel of the day
Just like every other McDonald's
Really great service in the mornings!!
Good food fast service
The beef in the hamburger is very small.
TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE
Your typical McDonald's, nothing to special
Very nice crew.
Friendly manager who knows sign language!
This place lacks customer service
Nice, good food.
Great service with a smile.
The food was good.
Good selection of food.
Great service
Great customer service
It's convenient, but EXPENSIVE
ALWAYS GREAT SERVICE
Love the fish sandwiches
Great customer service
Liked the customer service
Good and fast service
Ok food.
Good places on good services
Hamburgers and fries and great breakfast
Good prices
Rude!!!!
Small, but nice.
best fast food chain
Awful customer service
Junk food
Not open 24 hours
Clean and quick setting
It's all about the fries
Great service.
It's McDonald's, what more needs to be said?
Next to my house.
It's McDonald's wat you expect
New balboa location is fire
I love it
It was ok
It's McDonalds.  What do you want?
Food was cold
Got the order right
Convenient fast food
Love it
Loved it
Good!!.
It's was ok
cool
Food is good
Fun experience.
Newly remodeled!
Ooo
Good service
Ok
Good service
Breakfast was cold
Excellent service
great crews
Nice place.
Good
ok as usual
Super
Excellent.
Decent place
It's McDonalds!
It's McDonald's
It's a McDonald's
Neutral
The food was fresh and very good, only the attitude of the manager had a bad attitude and a client complained because Hispanic people came and spoke to her in Spanish and an Anglo-Saxon person was upset, she told the manager and they sent her to the back, I did not do that I support this country, languages  ½
I was delighted with the service and the food
There are no snacks from Brazil, I wanted a Big Tast so bad  ½ï¿½ï¿½ï
He surprised me with the new burger that has bacon on it. The truth is delicious!
Mmmm the food is good but sometimes they serve you badly
Didn't like the quality of the food
I like to stop by when I have the opportunity to have breakfast
Outstanding experience, and they speak Spanish.
Good customer service and speed
Poor 
The same as always,,,, nothing new
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Terrible
Good 
Good 
Terrible
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Poor 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Poor 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Super good
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Terrible
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Terrible
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Terrible
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Poor 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Terrible
Poor 
Good 
Poor 
Poor 
Good 
Good 
Terrible
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Poor 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Poor 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Poor 
Excellent 
Neutral
Poor 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Terrible
Poor 
Excellent 
Poor 
Excellent 
The food was greasy and left me feeling sick, and the staff had a terrible attitude.
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Terrible
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Terrible
Excellent 
Terrible
Neutral
Poor 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Terrible
Good 
Excellent 
Terrible
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Poor 
Neutral
Neutral
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Terrible
Neutral
Poor 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Terrible
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Poor 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Terrible
Excellent 
Excellent 
Terrible
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Poor 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Terrible
Excellent 
Terrible
Excellent 
Terrible
Poor 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Poor 
Terrible
Excellent 
Excellent 
"On March 13, I was at this cafe and I really liked the staff, they were so polite and caring.

I especially liked the friendly guy, the employee at the entrance, he met everyone at the entrance, greeted and opened the door. This guy was so sweet and caring, I just saw such great employees in this fast food chain. He is simply worthy of the award as the most customer-oriented employee. I also really liked the kitchen, everything is cooked very quickly here and what is rare in these restaurants, they make excellent coffee here."
This is my go to McDonald's spot at 262 Canal St. There are seats available to sit downstairs and upstairs. I like the atmosphere and spaciousness. The staff working here are friendly and polite. Today only you can get a free Mc chicken, no purchase necessary. I redeemed my free Mc Chicken, it was fresh and warm when I got mine.
Staff is extremely rude and unprofessional. Except for the young 19 year old woman at the register that got the toy I specifically asked for. She was very kind. The other two, a young man and a lady that seemed like the manager had a nasty attitude and the manager spoke to the helpful cashier very rudely
This is a such a different design of McDonald's. I love it!
Rude staff. Happened a few nights ago. While dining upstairs with my family and a few more guests in another table, the spanish speaking lady staff told us (arrogantly) to leave as they were already closing. She could have informed us in a nicer way. But when we went down, new customers were still coming in.
I came to this McDonald   s last night April 17th. The night staff is extremely rude, especially this one older lady who spoke Spanish. And by the looks of these other reviews, shows she   s like this all the time! She yells, makes rude gestures, and was acting extremely bothered to even work there. She disrespected many of her customers including me and my partner twice. Was intolerable to eat there, so we took our food elsewhere. Restroom is only 
Very nice and friendly staff I felt welcome. They are very clean and attentive. They have table service. They have the machines that you can order by yourself. They have soda dispenser so free refills. They have 3 floors. They have bathrooms for men and women. The bathroom was nasty and dirty.
Clean place faster service,  well trained staff and you can get the food for to go or stay there.  Even the ordering machines are cleaned frequently. So you get a great service.
To be honest I   m not a fans of fast food , I really eating when I   m running out of choice, but I really appreciated than in Mc Donald   s you have the opportunity to use the bathroom which is very convenient for people like me who spend a lot time on the road , I also believe when I go to a place I have to leave it better than I founded, with that been said I when to this location last night 04-04 -19 at 10:00 pm to use the bathroom , the bathroom is located in the second floor ,some part of the room 
The Dominican lady needs to get fire, Asap not rocky ½
I don   t expect much from a McDo Alf but this is a particular low. The 2nd floor close
This is the worst McDonald's I've ever been to. They made me show a receipt to just use their disgusting bathroom. They could at least clean it once a month. Also everyone was rude as could be. The customers are paying your bills. Don't go here.
"After exploring Chinatown in lower Manhattan, I decided to walk to the only McDonald's in the immediate area, on the south side of Canal Street. It didn't look like much from the outside, but once I entered I walked up to the counter to order one coffee which took a few minutes since the place was somewhat busy and there was a customer in line in front of me.

I got my order and walked upstairs to the first level and sat at a comfortable booth. Within a few minutes a manager came to my table to ask if everything was OK, and I told him ""Yes"", but I was having trouble to connect to the free WiFi. He immediately helped me with this and although the connection was slow, I was pleased that the problem was solved.

Then the manager chatted with me and asked if I would mind doing a survey and I filled out the online survey. Then he said I was entitled to a free burger so I had a Big Mac.

I think this is a very well managed place and will definitely return when I am back in Manhattan in the Chinatown area."
The location was great - but the side lobby was packed with kids smoking weed.
Nice quiet spot,on loud cell phones playing music.good McDonald's for the old folks.
Very fast and served hot! Very rare in New York to meet quick and nice service from McD
"Servers have an unnecessary nasty attitude.
Asked nicely to put ketchup packets in my bag, she threw them on the counter, and proceeded to speak spanish to another employee.
Will never visit this location again!"
Staff were extremely rude. Yelling at us to order at the kiosk even though we told them we only had cash.
Food was fresh and out quick. Can ½ï¿½
Pretty much a regular McDonald's, has a second floor though. That's cool.
Too crowded. Staff need to have a better way of taking care of customers' orders. Took a long time for my order to be prepared. Nice staff though
People rely on places like McDonald   s and other fast food restaurants in NYC for restroom use! For whatever reason the restrooms are closed and the 
Space is small, typical for area. Limited seating on ground level.  Additional seating and Restrooms upstairs
Just the best McDonald's in Manhattan in my opinion, free refills, A third floor!???! Would come again.
It's a McDonald's. The kiosks were working and the service was quick. I didn't go upstairs to check out the dining room.
The food was came out little late, but the clerk gave apple pie for service. I was really satisfied. The icecream cone is little expensive than any other country.
I had a big Mac here and it is the only big Mac I've ever had in me life that the meat was hot
A really good place to eat. The place is very clean.
It was Mc Donalds!. I was hoping that this  Mc Donald packaging would have  Chinese wrapping  since this Mc Donalds is located in Chinatown.
only location that I cannot order on the app from, no idea why
They have a cleaning person constantly wiping, mopping the door, bathroom, floor and everything else inside. Very impressive
It's a small McDonald's comparing to other. Very few seating and small seating area. Service and menu is same like other McDonald's, may slight high price. Location is precious, customer moderate at the morning. Customer service good.
It's McDonald's it's fast and staff is as friendly as it gets. Just don't be rude and they won't be rude. The staff gives attitude to people who give them attitude first.
"I was told that I had to buy something in order for my young child to use the restroom.

Not a problem but please speak to your customers with some level of respect. Not yelling or sounding extremely annoyed."
Very busy spot people begging at the door for money and at least they opened the upstairs and the bathrooms again so you can actually sit and eat without stressing where to go after you order. Very clean did exactly what I asked for my order and always friendly. Been going here for a while when I used to work around the corner before the whole COVID-19 changed everything. But it's a place if I'm around that area I'd walk there to eat instead of Checkers   or 99cent pizza depend if your in the mood for it.
The variety of food offered by this restaurant is great! They also value their customers, always making sure that our needs are met and we are happy with the service.. McDonalds - Thanks a lot!
Long lines , slow service ,  people hanging out at tables with no food justing hanging
This is my childhood McD 
Stopped for some food and a bathroom break after being on the road for 8 hours. After I got back from the bathroom, it was my girlfriends turn, and they refused to allow her until I began raising my voice. "It's not closed, I just went!!" I said ... "Customers only" they tried telling me.  so I showed them my unopened food and said give me my money back for this **** then. They let her use the BR. Apparently they play games with the bathroom because there's so many homeless people around. One even asked me for money *inside the mcdonalds* as we were leaving.
On Canal St very busy, so expect a line inside . The kiosk machines help order ahead. Homeless people are around but not inside. They are only trying to get a meal, no problem. Charity is a blessing to those less fortunate.
Their rent a cop wouldn ½ï¿½
Everything is chinese here! I'm loving mc-dimSums
Good place just to grab some food and eat outside for a cheap price. Respectfully homeless people come inside to beg often. Not really a family place. If two guys are hanging it is okay. The workers are not really attentive, so check your orders.
Coke is not available, 2 hours before closing the MC Donalds the washrooms are already closed and service is very slow.
My best experience with Mango pin smooth was excellent and fast delivery good services
I'm glad I enjoy the food.
Unless they've changed their preparation process, our burgers should not be this undercooked. Kiosk ordering is limiting.
"I love this place, feeling welcome all the time. The most of times, the staffs serve fast and give out the correct orders.
I ordered 2 times thru the apps and then, they already can call my name when I walking in!"
The supervisor and manager there was very rude to me and my friends this morning, I treated them to coffee there, they treated us as if we were homeless and rushed us out...saying "there is only a 20 minute wait". But had no sign in sight stating that, I started to buy something else but instead Il just pray for them instead we just left I would never spend anything else there at that location.
Cofe was so bad... just a hot water
I know it's hard to work in the service industry, but they seem to need education about customers.  Because, looking at his tone and actions, he felt like he was forced to work even though he didn't want to work.  Customers must continue to keep this store open and keep their jobs.
Friendly staff,quick service,nice taste
HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE FOOD DRY NUGGETS NOT FRESH FRIES COLD PULLED UP AND WAITED 15 MINUTES FOR FRESH NUGGETS IM STILL IN LINE WAITING
It was a little packed but cleared out quickly the upstairs was not crowded at all very surprised. My gripe is that my server preparing my coffee dropped my lid on the floor and lookroceeded to place it on the coffee and hand it to me. So I kindly but firmly asked, " Didn't you just dropped that on the floor?" She gave a look like, "Oh I did, walked over to the garbage & dumped it. I should hve called the manager but she gave me no problem. Just wondering if she has a habit with other items dropping & giving it to customersï¿½ï
The service of a terrible McDonald's is so bad that I can only call her that. I'm not racist, but when I meet this kind of executive manager, I think the executives of this company will come out to manage it and never go again.
the attention in this place is horrible.  the serving staff is really rude and unfriendly.  I do not recommend going to this branch of mc donald.  Your experience will be stressful
Good prompt service as one would expect from them. Only negative is that the soda fountain is still closed and they still only offer bottled soda which is more expensive and not cold.
Manager    Mauri ½
I came in at 10:30 on a Sunday and no dam breakfast.really? The only thing I want at 10:30 in the morning on a Sunday is an egg mc muffin. They had no pancakes. I only drink coffee and have breakfast at McDonald's and they didn't have acceptable breakfast products.
It depends what time of day you come here. It's cool due to their touch screens but at night the homeless call this home
Great experience and great food
Employees are very kind and polite
"I don't expect much when I visit a McDonald's, but this location certainly is one of the worst I've visited in the city.
The employees are incredibly rude, the failed to get either of my orders correct, and there seems to be a consistent encampment of homeless near the entrance that the staff don't seem to care about."
Had a few McD sundeas and mcflurrys while in NY. Long waits and always busy. But if you need a break, WC, WiFi or an ice cream, it's there. Bigger portion sizes then Europe and lots more expensive too. Mango smoothie very good
Poor quality and mediocre service.
This place smells HORRIBLE. I bought french fries with hot tea OMG couldn   t eat the french fries bec
Typical US McDonald's just in china town New York
The manager is very rude, and they don ½ï
Lots of homeless, dirty bathroom with long line.
Good deal. Today I bought vanilla shake with a deal buy one get one free. So I paid $5 for 2 large shake. At Chinatown still only take out.
Woman staff blocked the bathroom and made us pay her to use the bathroom. When we asked her how much, she said, "I don't know." We were disgusted. Don't recommend coming here ever.
Clean & convenient location, with plenty of seating on the upper floors.
This McDonald's just east of Broadway on Canal is a good McDonald's. Are here twice recently and the food was fine. This McDonald's is much better than the McDonald's about half a mile South on Broadway, south of Chambers. That south McDonald's had old, heat dried out food the four times I was there.
Speed of service was an opportunity during my stay. Look like the manager was like kicking out an homeless man but he wanted water. I would just give it to him cause it   s hot out but I guess she was looking ou
"I am not happy with how dirty the bathrooms and the place is kept, it is so awful that you should avoid it at all costs.
I give three stars because it is very busy for majority of day so staff can be overwhelmed with all the young people causing such reckless messes in disregards to the hardworking staff and employees. However the staff are rarely friendly and difficult to communicate with. I felt that if my order was wrong and I told the man that took my order he would just explode on me.
I felt on edge, uncomfortable, and the place was dirty

I think the staff are overworked and need more employees considering the traffic this place sees."
Hasn't had soda fountain for awhile, pretty fast and friendly. Always busy though, don't expect a seat.
McDonald's is McDonald's but they have a good 2 for $6 special.  There is no where to sit and the soda fountains are out of service.  There are always homeless people hanging outside begging for money.  Can get crowded depending on what time you go
"Cold burger, without the customize order, served 7 minutes _after_ I've got the melting sundae.
Dirty mess upstairs."
"This is a pandemic post .
Love McDonalds I frequent for coffee or light meals on my way home. Recently they announced #CampMcDonalds so every other day I was in McDonalds trying to get the rewards"
What can I say about a restaurant, that sits in New York City & on the busiest day & receive your burger&fries with steam coming off the items, the security guard keep away the strays. Hurray Mcdonald 's Yall fancy with your self serving machines
I honestly only went for a large French fry and to use the restroom. Very clean, great janitor. Pay her more.
Visited a couple of times while in the area for civil court and the staff behind the counter are usually great, but the security guy in the lobby or the floor manager or whatever blocked me trying to leave with my drink, telling me the sitting area was upstairs when i was literally just trying to leave. When I sat down here this morning a manager started harassing a customer who was sitting with a cup of coffee, calling him homeless, telling him he had to leave in 10 minutes and causing an argument between the guy and another customer, and just walked away while they yelled at each other. Not very cool ï¿½ï
Friendly staff, fast service, great place. You can enjoy your meal without any hassle.
Would've gave them 5 stars but too many homeless people are inside
Too crowded but they were managing it well....bathrooms were too dirty !!
Stopped in just for an ice coffee. Their ice coffee is solid overall, & an awesome bargain ($1 via app).
Very poor security at this location. It's impossible to go in without being harassed by people asking for money, and the staff don't even try to ask them to leave.
The service is always very good. The food is always served fresh and very hot. It's delicious. I enjoy all the meals in this McDonald's. The Milk Shakes are a dream come true. The staff is very friendly and the establishment is very clean. I highly recommend this McDonald's.
Great family friendly, entertaining teenage students too. But... The toilets are too horribly maintained., Smelly, No mirrors... used Tissue were heaped openly- Very non hygienic. May be the management is too busy & short staffed ?  
Clean and functional with working kiosks. I always advise that the McDonald's App is great for deals and ordering ahead but of course at times the place can be very busy.
Always a dependable place to have a quick meal. Food was as good in New York as in L.A.!
Woman behind counter very rude.
Bad service and their ATM machine is a fraud be aware of that. Has a chip in the card reader slot to scan your card and bank info.
It was actually a pleasant visit picking up and placing an order.  The staff behind the counter this morning were very friendly.
The food was fresh and hot. The service was quick and the restaurant was clean.  Maybe it's McDonald's policy, but why do you have to ask for ketchup, salt and pepper? And then there's none of that in the seating area either. I go upstairs, find a seat, take my food out of the bag, and no condiments! To get some, I'd have to pack my food up and go back downstairs for some frickin ketchup! No other fast food place is like that.
It was a fast stop, we ordered using a touch screen, which was very fast and easy, you can pick from their full menu and change from selection real fast. It was an order for two and we had no issues, you can pay using your credit card without any human interaction. chicken nuggets with a couple frappe's sealed the deal for us.
I have never been to such a clean place and what I ordered a big Mac this burger was exceptionally delicious I never seen such a well prepared burger since I was a kid the atmosphere was tranquil considering it was rush hour and service was great polite even someone from outside came in asking for money immediately manager came to check it out but the individual was gone by the time manager came upstairs which was very quick
Cool place downtown by Canal St
Food was typical McDonalds. As far as the location goes it's very busy. It's usually a fight to find a table especially since the 3rd floor isn't always open. The restaurant was pretty clean considering how busy they were but the restroom was horrible. Felt like I needed a shower after using it. If you eat here hold your restroom break for later.
Decent but fountain soda broke
This place is the absolute pits. I have never experienced such poor management. The space can not hold the patrons. We were definitely at capacity and then some. They   re three floors and yet my dad and autistic daughter had to eat in the corner like slaves. You see my daughter is very routine so she is use to getting her happy meal and then sitting down to eat. At this location no one is
It's McDonald's. You kinda know what to expect. One thing you should be prepared for if you're not a native of Manhattan, it's very pricy. I guess paying for the N.Y. rent causes the prices to be higher than what we have in Texas. The service was fast and organized, despite being very busy, just don't expect to get your usual meal for your usual price. Happy travels!
Good service but a lot of strange people entering the store. People asking for money in aggressive way and the people in line ordering food looked concerned.
Very friendly morning staff
A different mcds in chinatown.
So just to clarify I did not actually eat here BUT I am from the south and a huge fan of sweet tea! Also everywhere you go around here water bottles are around $3. We went to this McDonalds in hopes of finding sweet tea in NYC and we were successful! You have to get it from behind the counter but it was good and only $1 for a large just like back home. Cheapest drink I had our whole trip!
Pretty good space employees are nice and courteous. Bathrooms are quite clean and all in all, this place is seated/ built well. Chairs are nice and comfortable. Overall, I recommend this place to others
I entered to the restaurant and immediately a black guy with black clothes told me with a rude attitude that I need to buy something. I tell him that's ok then I start watching the Menu and 3 minutes later the same guy with a rude attitude again and raising his voice told me that if I do not buy anything right away I need to leave the building. By far the worst experience in a fast food at my Life.
The food & service is excellent & if you are taking the food out it's great. However if you plan to stay & eat inside, there are many homeless people inside & the odors from the bathrooms dies not make it pleasant. Must clean up the odors inside if they want me back
Service sucks!!!! Customer service needs to definitely improve with the workers. Tables dirty I asked a worker to wipe the table off so my family and I could eat he told me No. Therefore I went and got napkins to clean the table while he stood around. First and last visit not to mention I'm a visitor from another state.
No compliant  friendly customer service  and food was given in a timely  fashion
Disgusting and unclean. Do not visit.
Is nice place they kipper clean up all the time, good service
If you're rushing to get an early cup of coffee I don't suggest you stop here it's a little while wait for just one coffee
I love these lashes! My lashes are very short and very straight. The light glam lashes give a full look and gives me so much volume. People always ask me if my lashes are real and I tell them yeap, I use castor oil and drink a lot of water lol!!
Typical New York city McDonald's experience. Staff is very welcoming and everyone has a hairnet on today wow even the managers.
Beware they are not 24 hours. I've stopped here several time in the early am hours and the door was locked. The workers were inside and wouldn't even come to the door. They yelled 6 oclock. So much for 24 hours. When it is open it surrounded by homeless people inside and out. They might as well turn it into a homeless shelter.
"ýýýýýýýý Happy ýýýý Thanksgiving 2019. ýýýýýýýý

This McDonaldýýýs located at 262 Canal Street, in Chinatown, New York City have been here for ages.

All McDonaldýýýs are created equal in terms of cleanliness, so it is no surprise that it is very clean, neat, tidy and spotlessly clean.

It is a huge McDonaldýýýs because it has 3 stories, but on the second and third floor, there is a limited number of chairs.  Poor design left it with about 40 to 50 seats on the 2 top floors.

The staff is very professional, friendly and polite with a smile, and there are staff who are bilingual {English and Chinese) (English and Spanish).

Enjoy  Mickey Dýýýs  and

A Happy Thanksgiving."
Update: it's so frustrating to eat here! There is a virtual army of panhandlers from the nice guy who opens the door for you to the more aggressive ones that approach you as you order, or eat your food. In addition, the place is still disorganized and dirty.  That's McDonald's in New York.  Management at this location is pretty lame.
I ordered a 6 piece chicken nuggets and when I get to my room I open the box to only find 4. They rip you off, check before you leave! Also, employees may follow you outside while saying insults towards you even if you patiently wait.
The service was quick..courteous and easy...they also have a self order kiosk which makes ordering quick and simple...by the time you get to the casheier ur order is filled...  The is a ATM machine and bathrooms upstairs. .a nice place with plenty of table space on the second floor...enjoy!!!!
The restaurant is kept clean and service is fast. It's like the usual McDonald's you'd expect, but better. However, the food there is slightly priced higher than usual prices at different McDonald's. Overall, I'd recommend.
The cashier successfully scammed my change. Well, I guess she needed the money. It is not about the meager change, but the idea that they would scam a paying customer. I will never come back here ever again, worst experience ever!
Awful place to visit in ugly new York City waste of time
Wonderful view over Broadway/ Central Park. Service is very good. You take a tablenumber, place your order yourself and no matter which floor you sit and wait for your order to be brought to you, they'll find you. Amazing.
They was so unpleasant at pickup
Good place for a quick bite. Their menu has gotten better. They will add new items to their menu every few months which is very nice of them to keep attracting customers.
This, location/different, 20 years ago, this place, was once, tourist, haunted, land, N, R, NO.6, subway exit, CANAL street, people flow, and popularity, prosperity, McDonald's It is also one, young, male and female, especially many, brought, youth, breath, order, this place, a lot of color, that year, my favorite is happy meal, there are many fathers, bring children here, enjoy .
At 3AM it is like an oasis in the desert!! We originally went in to use the bathroom but ended up getting soft drinks, felt guilty using their facilities without buying anything.... filthy bathrooms but very courteous staff and interesting clientele!! As with all McD's, NO PAPER TOWELS in restrooms... BUT for what it is (McD's), it is 5 star.
Surrounding is not clean, tables have trash on them left by customers. Needs someone on the upper level to clean up tables. There were no napkins or ketchup upstairs for customers to use. Burgers being served without lettuce and tomato you now have to purchase this and when you do its very tiny pieces. The burger meals are over priced. Service was on acceptable. We have to be sitting in a dirty, untidy and unattractive area. Worst of all why is there a sign in the restaurant telling customers you only have 30mins to eat and leave, like really. That sign needs to be removed. Not returning to this restaurant. Fix up and clean up the place.
Stopped here to get a quick bite, the place looks very dirty. Homeless people in the entrance and inside. The 2nd floor smelled like piss. Just go here if you want to go to the bathroom or are really really hungry!
A great place to socialize with my friends
this location has 3 floors but usually only 2 are accessible to customers. wouldn't recommend eating here and strongly suggest taking your order to go as the crowds of tourists and locals make it hard to find a seat.
This is the best dang McDonald's in NEW YORK CITY. It has bathrooms with stalls that are very clean. It smells of Big Macs and hope. What a wonderful discovery during my visit to Chinatown. God bless Ronald Mcdonald.
It was absolutely amazing!!! I went around closing time and it was no waiting time to be seated and my server Ty , was amazing!!!!! I had a great time and the drinks do it for me every time!!!! Hands own one of my favorite places to eat and drink!!
While the map said that this place is open 24 hours, we came to find the doors locked with a bunch of people casually hanging out/eating/drinking inside at 1am. The staff told us they're closed, even though they were not supposed to be.
The automated machine didn't print us a receipt so I told one of the employees who was nice enough to look up the number.  The problem was I had no reference to chek the order.  I spent almost 50 dollars for 3 kids and 2 adults.  I walked 5 blocks to get that food bbn order and when I got back to our job I discovered we were missing chicken nuggets and all the dipping sauces.  I ordered 6 sauces and we got none.  It really pisses me off because they always leave stuff out when we order large orders.  It's like they can only handle it if u have a simple meal.  It's so frustrating and plus it's like throwing 10.oo out the window..  you really need to be better about training your workers.
"This review is on their bathroom and small fries for obvious reasons.
So glad this place is 24hours.... I needed to use their bathroom so badly at ~10pm. I ordered a small fries and ran upstairs....there was toilet paper, which is a huuuge plus-- but their mirror...I think someone stole it or something. There is just hand soap on the wall and where the mirror should be, were just screw holes...? LOL WELP"
"The location is alway clean despite always being busy.  My food always comes out hot (huge plus for me).  I ordered the fillet-o fish sandwich, and a small dr.pepper.
I live near a McDonald's in Brooklyn, but the food quality sucks.  So despite living closer to the Brooklyn location, I would rather get my food from this location and travel home to eat it. Lol"
From a disabled stand point this would not be an ideal dining experience.  There isn't any designated areas for wheelchair customers. Staff are not equipped to handle a wheelchair customers. The one area where someone with a wheelchair chair could sit is next to the entrance the bathroom and the order kiscos and quite popular waiting area set up for customers waiting for their order.
It's ok but so crowded by the cashier because it's small!
On May 6,2018 , I ordered my coffee by using online app at 6:30 am . I went to this location to pick up my order at 6:45 am , and then one employee at cashier who did not want to give me my order , because he didn   t see it on screen . I showed him see my online receipt include the number of order that I paid it by using my bank account . I asked him to help me to check on the system for make sure , but he did not want to help me . After waited for 5 mins, it showed off on the screen.
I am not that pleased with, McD. The ice cream is nice. What I don't like about a lot fast food places; is that the ongoing clean up process is sometimes flat out disgusting. Who wants the crumbs from the table next to you; in your food, or getting dirty mop water inside your shoes, because they are mopping under the same table your trying to finish your meal?
The service is slow.. 60/40 if the food taste good. And anything more then the 1,2,3 dollar menu the taste aint worth the price.. I think being extremely slow is a all McDonald's requirement tho.
It's a McDonald as you would expect. Great if you want a quick bite but if you want a good meal go somewhere else. This location was just fine. Service was great and the food arrived fast.
Busy and crowded, took the chill from our bones  ½ï¿½ï¿
Holy. The prices at this McDonald   s is crazy astronomical compared to others. The promotional Saweetie Meal is priced at $13.89 here!! Even in hotspots like Macy ½ï
No tissues what so ever, not clean...lot of tourists from chinatown tour travel. It is simply shame on McDonalds to do these 3rd class services...confused and disconnected staff. Felt like there was only one person working who looked like a team leader...all employees making team leader work..pity on him.
"I've worked in the neighborhood for decades and this was always a decent go to place for a late night snack.

A couple of years ago they modified the interior- they removed a lot of seats on the main floor in order to install electronic order kiosks.  There are now only a handful of places to sit in a ridiculously cramped manner.  Late at night they close the upstairs- leaving pretty much nowhere decent to sit and eat.  Tonight I saw two people eating over the garbage cans and one eating by the soda dispenser.

The kiosks are annoying.  They ask if you want to take out or eat there.  If you select ""Eat In"", before you can pay for your order you're asked to get a table marker and enter the marker number.  Thing is there are absolutely no table markers- you cannot complete your order without one- unless you start over and select ""take out"".

During the day perhaps eating in makes sense- but late at night it's really only for take out."
My kids like eat Macdonald
"THERE'S NO CODE FOR THE BATHROOM! Just walk up to the second floor.

Horrible customer service, rudest people ever."
They renovated their store and it's very nice and modern. They staff is pretty much like all the other fast food chain out there (high school kids working part time), so nothing out of the ordinary. They have free wifi, so you can definitely take advantage of the service and surf the web while enjoying a sweet tea or something. They have the basic dollar menu - sweet tea, apple pies, apple dippers, cone and some other things, but too bad they don't have the chicken sandwich or McDouble for a dollar. The seating area can get packed sometimes and they don't always open the third floor to the public, although it really doesn't fit that many people, but sometimes you would have to wait a while for someone to finish before you can get a table and seat.
It's hard to give them any stars because we didnt get to eat there. For what is advertised as open 24 hrs they were closed all 3 x I tried to go there this weekend.  Very dissatisfied
It's much cleaner now than it used to be. They also have touchscreen monitors you can order from now, which is convenient. I found things that I never knew was on the menu!
This place is more of a homeless shelter than a fast food restaurant. There is an upstairs seating area, which apparently only opens when the employees deem necessary. There is literally nowhere to sit here. Take- out only.
The burger my husband had was fine however, my chicken sandwich was disgusting. It tasted old and hard. The fries and sweet tea were the same as any other McDonalds, obviously fresh because it sees extremely heavy traffic. The ordering kiosks are super convient but you can't customize -- as in you can't take onions or tomatoes off of your sandwich, and of course no cash payments are accepted unless you go to the actual counter. Seating is not well arranged but being 3 stories tall it can fit about 100 people. I wouldn't go back...
I have to admit to be so late and night and cheating on my never ending diet the McDonald's was clean friendly fresh fries and so welcoming. Now I cant say this for all McDonald's but I had to share it was a very pleasant experience.
Its hit or miss here. Sometimes its fast sometimes it takes forever to get your food. The one thing I must say is unlike other mcdonalds they always get your order right so that is definitely a plus. It is a little more expensive too because it's in Manhattan/Chinatown. If you go to the bronx or brooklyn it cost you less.
Today, one of my items was forgotten, but I will check in tomorrow about it for a replacement. Otherwise, pleasant staff and quick service.
"Have a couple kiosks in the front _ easy and nice to use. Lots of customizable things to the order. Make sure you scroll to the bottom and check out the deals and promotions. Order was prepared pretty quickly and correct. No big complaints, about as good an experience that McDonalds can be.

Pro tip: on the kiosk when you are checking out and it asks for your ""location code""... Just click 'cancel'. It's an error in the system."
I was forced to buy something just because I had to use the restroom. SMH I understand that some business do that but really . No thank you plus manager was rushing everyone.
Not sure about the quality of the food I think I prefer diners more.
I like the new upgrades to this store. Food comes out quick. I just hate all the homeless people and the random drunk fight (also homeless) that happen here. I got knocked around for no reason once.
Need better English speakers.
This garbage for 3.91 imagine
"The worst McDonalds ever in the world.Having already spended 12 dollars in coffees i was waiting for a friend for food.The manager insulted me and told me to go outside because i wasnt consuming .My friend came at that time so he made us the favour to let us eat there.
We spended 50 more dollars and after 1 hour he told us to go out again because you can eat only 30 minutes.The whole time the shop was half empty....At the next table a guy was eating duck from home having only a coka cola and no one told him anything.....DONT GO THERE"
"Great coffee on a weekday.

Coffee on a Saturdays, not so much."
It's clean...but they don't have fountain drinks, only bottles which is a ripoff. I don't like this one.
Never gave me the drinks I ordered. Gave me the wrong ones and never bothered to rectify my complaint. Very disorganized. The woman who I complained to was very bad mannered, didn't have good customer service skills.
Clean and nice not same as old ones seats are availabilities and kids can play at other place high seats too looking good comfortable with waiting in line
I asked for an egg white delight but they were "out" so I got an egg McMuffin and a sweet tea. The egg was underdone and still runny. The tea was not sweet it just had sugar added to unsweetened tea.
when I was here it was during a rainstorm and the inside was very wet and dirty. It was also very crowded, as a lot of tourists and other people come here to try to use the bathroom for free. It was impossible to find a place to sit to eat my snack.
Good place to find bathrooms
They didn't give condiments with the meal and when asked, they were very skimpy. They were pretty fast with the meal prep!
Very nice and clean place and very fast service
Went here and got a coffee and used the bathroom.  Not really an ideal place to but in Chinatown there's not many options.  Coffee was good, but restaurant isn't the cleanest.
I gave this a one star just because it doesnt have zero star not sure how this place have a 3 star i will never step in there again the most nasty place ever first time going to china town and had to really used the br but also wanted food thank god i used the rest room first that place looked like hasn't been cleaned in years i bet rats leaves there after that i cant picture how their food is not sure how this is still open. People before you order dnt look at the Br yall will regret eating
Got an ATM with $1.19 fee, cheapest one i could find so far
Visit mcds in China Town thinking it was going to have different menu items but that wasn't the case
Extremely busy establishment. Seating was a problem.
"I understand that it's just fast food but I eat fast food frequently .  Just lack the budget to indulge in sushi and other fine fare lol
I'm also not a sushi person. I love as six mc Donald's for their cheap juicy burger, fast orders and cheap shakes, or if I'm feeling like I want something lighter ony stomach and it's late, a grilled chicken salad, side asald or parfait is great. Excellent for my son, who asks for the yogurt in his kids meal. The mozzarella sticks is also a perfect edition. Their coffee exceeds bk and I loved this location wen visiting last month. Quick easy and clean with upstairs seating. The workers for friendly and helped me when they forgot a drink."
Place used to be great. Now they have beggars & the homeless have taken over almost the entire 2nd floor. Place smells horrid. The employees are rude, food takes so long.
Service is good, never had a problem while ordering, even if I took long and was undecided the cashier had no issue and was very helpful and respectful
Very crowded location, with a lot of tourist traffic. There's a lot of seating upstairs , and amenities like wireless chargers. But a more expensive location, and way too crowded.
Very bad service even when it's slow. The machines never work.
Food is not as great as it used to. Fries too bland. Burgers taste dry. Only giving it 2 stars because of their happy meal toys.
System always seems to be down frequently. Only accepts cash when their wifi is out.
"Do not eat from here...if you do shame on you...but take it home...dont even eat inside this mcdonald
Ive never seen a mcdonald homelesa shelter that's right i said it..how can you eat if there's homeless people camping out upstairs in the dining area like its their home ? And btw it reeks of piss upstairs too..."
It's a sad state of affairs when you buy an ice cream sundae to get access to the McDonalds bathroom and not only is the sundae prepared wrong (the hot fudge isn't supposed to just get dumped on top of the ice cream; that's gotta be, like, day 1 of McDonalds training...), but the bathroom clearly hasn't been cleaned in weeks.
Very busy McDonald's next to Chinatown, lots of Asian staff for those who are not fluent in English, seating is always full but security actively enforce the no loitering rule.
Great place even for a McDonald's and the staff are kind and always willing to help. No problem getting your food changed and the lines are never too long.
Typical MCD, not real clean but acceptable, average service, limited seating at ground level, more seating upstairs.
Small, crowded with inefficient system with limited seating. Messed up a simple order. Had to wait to get napkins and ketchup since it's at front counter only.
Manager saw me waiting a little longer than usual and went back to the kitchen to see what was wrong and got back with my order. Very thoughtful!
This place is great and I would want everyone to go the place looks nice the people are great and the food is cheap great for big families so I hope you enjoy everything there
All Employee not polite and they not speaking English so rude to costumer. Manager and gm are not help for costumer
Popped in for a drink to pass some time between appointments and charge my phone. Nothing works and homeless people were skattered everywhere, eating ketchup packets. Pass.
"Sometimes a little difficult to place the order however the staff are very friendly and the managers are always trying to get orders completed fast.

The food was always good and great coffee."
Fast friendly service, but no dine-in and no bathroom even if you're pregnant.
Canal Street McDonalds is a must to avoid!  Homeless people are here at all hours harassing paying customers and aggressively bumming people for change.  The Bathrooms smell like the last rose of summer.  Have your next breakfast/lunch anywhere but here folks!!
Says it   s 24hrs, but showed up at 5:50am and they were 
Unpleasant McDonald's environment does not look well kept.
An over-busy nightmare. Washrooms are likely cleaned often, but can't keep up with the hordes of people ransacking them.
Great fantastic
Everything so good!!!!! Thank you ½ï¿½ï¿½ï
If it's busy you will wait ages. Poor food at high prices. Plenty of better places to eat nearby
It was incredibly cramped in the ordering area, but the service was excellent and food was hot and french fries had just right amount salt
The usual stuff ï¿½ï
THE STAFF AT THIS LOCATION ARE ACTIVE AND VERY ENGAGING. THEY ARE PEOPLE PERSON AND HAVE STRONG ATTENTION TOWARD THEIR CUSTOMERS. THE INTERIOR OF THE RESTURANT IS VERY CLEAN.
Service was good, bathroom is clean. One think I didnt like is garbage bags outside on the sidewalk.
It's just convenient and cheap if you on the run
Where's the beef , was on my break and didn't know what  to get so I got a big Mac I crave about once a year so surprised to see how small the party is now for a moment I thought there was no meat it so small that the lettuce was hidding it and it just didnt have that big Mac tast.
LOL this Macky Ds is a fun one to go when you want to hit up Chinatown and all its glory!  I think I ate there only once and it was like any other Mc Ds but alot more people and alot more drama...a sight to be seen!
Small size, fairly clean and seating upstairs but not very wheelchair accessible seating.
Atlantic Terminal. Busy place because another Mc Donald's is being renovated.  I used app to order so no wait.  Because so busy, a little dirtier than normal.
They didn ½ï
MacDonald's restaurant is pretty much the same as in the UK, good service I recommend to invest in my country South East Africa, ANGOLA we luck one of those, I'm willing to be the partnership.
The food was so delicious, better than other McDonald's.  Also love that location and the ambience.
I love the burger that freshly made. I like the place. Nice facilities and clean. Fast services. Friendly staff. Good job.
Best place ever got good food and my grandpa still love it since a long time ago
No seats in any of the floors. Too many people sleeping over the tables. I just wanted to eat in peace.
atendant was very nasty to me all because i asked her if they had ice i though there machine was broken.because dhe was asking another customer was the soda cold enuff.so i asked if they had ice and she replied very nasty.
Visit was o.k.. The first time they didn't have what I wanted which was a Crispy Chicken Snack Wrap. Their Quarter Pounders wasn't as good and I ended up throwing away some of it.
The service was really friendly and fast. By the time i got the change my order was ready!
It was a bit crowded but the service was fast and friendly. My only downside was there was no handicap access to the upper floors.
There is sufficient seating on three floors. Restrooms could be cleaner.and so could the rest of the premises.
Everything is real good u gonna like it employees,food,place excellent.
Usually very pleased with the experience.
I liked the service but upstairs was dirty. Staff should keep tables clean.
Food order took over 20 mins. Nuggets were dried out and old. To top it all all, no sauce or ketchup given. They did refill my drink because I waited so long.
im in love with mc donalds<3 i go there all the time. and im pretty sure everyone loves it . my favorite thing to order is the mc flurry! and the nuggets and chiken slects. the kids always get happy with the happy meals.
Went here and got a quarter pounder and it was red in the middle said not to be a pain but can i get another burger get the other burger and the guy threw it in the grease trap  to cook it  horrible  i couldnt eat it   will not be going here again
I get my order very fast, but one time, they didn't put french fries in my order when I ordered them
Extremely slow due to the lack of staff, expensive compare to those around the city! Don't recommend.
Excellent location. This place is not very clean because it's too crowdy.
so I called them up and was going to order when all of a sudden I hear "SHUT UP!" into the phone several times. Then I tried calling them up again to tell them what had happened, and they hung up not even caring.
Tasty Food. Recieves Food very fast. Nice Service and Kept Neat. Two Floors to sit and Eat. Mostly Crowded.
They are very friendly, friendlier than any other branches out here in New York.
My entire order was wrong and it took forever for them to fill the order in the first place. But I complained and the owner gave me a lot of coupons.
As good as they come for a McDonalds. Plenty of seats. Friendly workers. Unlocked bathrooms. Clean establishment.
I came in to place an order for a number 2 meal tonight, and the cashier spoke very rude to me; called me "papi". I was really offended by her tone. Frankly, I will never dine at this establishment.
This place is awful. All workers had a attitude and the food made my 5 year old cousin throw up 5 times and my friends & I stomach her & caused both of to have diarrhea
I went late at night and they were out of a few things. Nothing I was trying to order though--quick and efficient. Be wary that NYC doesn't have deals on the McDonald's app like other cities do.
Good food (most of the time) but do not like the anti-homeless people atmosphere. Not appetizing.
Delicious fast food!
Needs more security. Fight almost broke out between a homeless man and a patron.
Not cleanest
Good & fast service... Busy but you won't have to wait long...
AShun sign gone bring my money right ther they work hard!
Insanely rude and terrible customer service
One of the cashiers were nice because there was no line ordering food was like chatting.
Workers especially on young man order taker /cashiet eas excellent.  Too bad I didn"ask his name.
It had good service and multiple floors so there wasn't much crowding.
Obviously food is the same everywhere, however this restaurant has a loitering problem from some of the local homeless. The toilets in this one was also quite dirty.
It's a disgusting place, those bathrooms were overflowing... they dont take care of the place. Dont even want to guess what's going on in the kitchen!
Fast service and ok food but no where to sit due to bums laying in the booths upstairs. Maybe get some employees to check up there occasionally.
Always super pack! Not worth the wait if you do come here. They also had my breakfast mc muffin burnt! I don't know what else I can say...
Great place for kids. You know what you're getting. Very easy to find with the sign from the street
Poor service very bad place
on a messy knockoff block
Expensive, crowded and slow service. The worst combo for a FAST food place
Just happy to find a place to get something quick to eat.
Food was fast fresh and hot. Place was clean with rapid service
I will recommend this gym to everybody
Always incomplete order, when u order cream and equal with your order, they never give, and when u ask for it, they just ignore you
This place is ok, nice and quiet
Great location but don't expect a friendly customer service
It's McDonald's there not allot that you can review the food was good and the options were great.
Extremely rude staff but don't think much of it the people seem to be totally exploited by their horrible Hong Kong boss. Pity!
It's a McDonalds, you get what you expect from here every time. As a place for very fast, cheap, and consistent food it's good,
Two stars are given to the star    Carla    who made our visit experience acceptable due to her helpful behaviour and lovely personality. Food was good but the place is not recommended for anybody especially tourists because it is alway
This location always has a crowd so I gave 4 stars, however they are extremely fast in service. So if you're running late into the office this is the place to stop.
For a mcdonalds in an extremely busy area,  I think the staff were doing a great job keeping everything moving.  The area was clean enough (and I am particular about that), the kiosks were in working order besides one but it didn't hold up the orders at all.  Food deals were clearly marked,  the ordering system wasn't correct as you usually grab a tent and go to a table but one of the staff saw us wondering about it and told us to just put a number in... so they were clearly attentive to what was going on around them.  Food came out quickly.  Same cost for food as any other mcdonalds anywhere.  Great, quick,  cheap food for a late evening.
One of the ladies was very rude to three other customers. I get it, I   ve worked those types of jobs and I understand it   s not easy to be in a good mood dealing with so many customers all day, often the same problem many times, and I get people have mood swings, but this was more than just rude, it was confrontational. Not gonna give one star because she was
"I don't know if I could give a start less than 1

The security of this establishment is a rude , non friendly , and a cruel person.

I felt completely unsafe with this person around me, he heckled me and acted as if seats were reserved in this establishment, he was singing and tapping his foot like a mad man.

It is safe to avoid this restaurant if you don't want to suffer a racist encounter. Deeply disappointed that an establishment like McDonalds would hire people like this guy"
"I am a college student who likes to study or review in a noisy area, but yesterday, I was just about to do the same thing on this place when I decided to finish eating first before doing all my homework ---but I received a a long distance call_it was from my long lost cousin. We ended up talking and catching__till my battery ran out. As I was starting to get ready with my homework, one of the staffs told me that I have been there for more than 5 hours __I was like, ""really?. "" He said yes, and I was supposed to stay 30 minutes only, but I was been there for more than 5 hours.

Now, I didn't exactly notice what time I came in but when I look on the time it was around 6pm or so. I asked the security guard if I can stay to do my homework, he said ""I'm sorry"".

I understand they were just doing their job. So, I left. When I was outside, I was, ""hey, I could have bought another food and stay!"" Anyways, I just left"
Apparently people are not permitted to go to the washroom,  clean up, and reset prior to ordering.   I like my food hot and don't agree with this store policy.  The manager wouldn't acknowledge me beyond a smirk.  I asked for permission,  she said nothing but a worker from behind the counter restated the policy.  A quarter-mile away, my preferred sequence worked golden.  Literally,  a STUPID policy implemented by that store and manager.
Security was nice and open the door for my sister and I to enter. I got on the line to make a purchase and my sister went to use the bathroom. She informed me of a worker or manager sitting down harassing her for a receipt just to use the bathroom. All the workers are hard at work and this lady is sitting down asking for a receipt. If there   s a customer only restroom why not
One of the dirtiest, worst McDonalds in the city. Absolutely abysmal wait times, overworked/understaffed workers, HORRIBLE manager. This particular manager (I think she   s Ecuadorian) needs to be replaced or fired as she is rude , doesn ½
My girlfriend and her friends visited this establishment on 04/16/23 at around 12:50AM. An African American worker in a grey shirt (Male) with braided hair was incredibly racist to her and her friends, using an Asian accent when talking to them. He was originally on the side and took over the register from one of his coworkers on purpose with the intent of being completely racist to them. He spoke with an Asian accent ridiculing their race and telling them he can serve them for an extra $5.00. While this was happening, all of the other employees laughed and egged him on. My girlfriend and her friends felt very unsafe, especially late at night. We will try filing a police report today with the local precinct and hope this employee faces consequences.
Take out as ordered, good service across shifts, floors mopped , people working respectively to each other. Good for busy place.
Most of the ordering machines were broken. There was only one cashier, so the line moved incredibly slow. They refused to refill my ice tea, even though the other drinks were refillable through the machine. Prices were expensive.
Dirty table, but there are empty seats to eat in. The atmosphere is not bad for McDonald's. Their app doesn't have good deals anymore.
Fast and friendly service but absolutely filthy. No clean tables or chairs in the open areas. Bags, food and everything else under the sun on the floors. Floors sticky. Food in bathroom sinks. Only here because it ½
This McDonalds is very difficult to have under controll. It is always crowded with tourists. The staff is still calm and friendly. I used Discovery, which they do not accept and the cashier moved to the next machine to deal with the next person while waiting for me. I apprechiate them being focused a lot. Thank you.
We went there during NYE, just prior to the ball drop. The surprising thing was there was homeless folks inside the store walking and smoking next to us when we were preparing to eat. The homeless guy was even asking for food to someone next to us. It felt very much like a 3rd world country's experience. The tables were dirty as well - maybe they need to hire more people for cleaning in between customers. The French fries were cold as well, as if they were probably heated long time ago. Also, the store associates should provide a tray for customers who are going to be sitting/eating inside the store instead of paper packets for takeouts.
Cheap and fast order! Tasty drink!
Horrible customer service. Especially the managment, treat everyone as if they   re lower than them no consideration whatsoever. I   ve been waiting 10 mi
Nice place bery busy but the crew handle great, also the food is on point few mcs have this, i could eat again there
Horrible! People around food coughing! I got a refund, asap! I   m not getting sick for no one! How you giving out the food in the front coughing without covering your mouth? Cough just spreading. You can not make this up! Make it make sense! What sad is that people need to do better. If this was my business it is no way I would want anyone in my establishments like this. What   s the point of having a mask on if it is on your chin. Than you have the other woman, she had her mask on but she kept coughing every other minute. Sounding like she coughing up a lung. All I wa
The worst experience of McDonald   s. Very rude security and a LOT of homeless people. I was worried about myself and my family, because I didn ½ï
Employees have a disgustingly rude attitude, literally EVERY TIME..and I haven't been there often. It was purely out of convience ie. on my way to my job and I need to eat or grab a terrible cup of coffee. Basically desperation smh on my part. So I'll digress they're all rude, they make mistakes and then they basically have an "oh well, not my problem attitude, very stingy with sugar/sweetener, they also serve  cold food or buns without the beef smh 
Lot's of people who are obviously under the influence of something are there; being loud, obnoxious, the bathroom was filthy amongst other things (such as people openly selling contraband or I should say "illegal" items). Not a particularly family safe enviroment.
Staff is nice and helpful but it was not the cleanest branch I visited
Quick, clean and organized. The only downside, a lot of people... I was sitting near some rather rude people but I can't really blame the restaurant for that. Just a negative.
They have this broken system where if you select to eat there instead of to go, they ask for a table number that's nowhere to be found. You waste minutes trying to figure it out, if you ever do. I gave up and just made up a number from 1 to 120.
This location has a young crowd on the weekend.  They play good music while you drink frappe and have a big mac.
Got the Mcrib it was incredible and absolutely delicious
Very rude security. I came to buy a coffee and use a restroom. I prefer to use a restroom first. They yelled at me and put a flash lighter directly in my face that I have to buy coffee first. But i don   t prefer to go to the restroom with coffee or leave it on the table and expecting that someone spit in it  ½ï¿½ï
The employees are quick to help you. They keep the place clean. They help the indigent. They make sure the orders are correct for the correct person.
McDonald   s was clean! And staff friendly. Their security guards are absolutely crazy and ghetto. They were screaming over and over and multiple people left because of it ½ï
Good place. Fast service if is a lot of people in there.
Very clean and modern.  Fast service, just like mom.ï¿½ï
Manager/security gard working on 02/12  was extremely unpleasant and screamed at us. Store was dirty and a health hazard. Don't go there!
This place is right next to New York penn station so expect a crowd and a long wait, use the kios it's must faster. The customers there tend to be loud and uninviting.
Nice mac
Why a 1 ½ï¿½ï
Only 3 people working in back, all cashes are closed because they don't have enough people. You have to use the machine to order. Waited 35 mins for my Mcflurry. Managers should be ashamed that they didn't help these employees.
Real quaint place to eat for breakfast. Great staff.
A little busy but great spot to grab a burguer and keep sight seeing!
Its a place to run in & grab something quick to eat . As far as sitting in there its not ok the ppl they allow in there are mostly homeless
I like it service good , it's. Cheaper the most of the places around, lol     
Just went to get mcnuggets for my mom,but it was too early for them to make yet. It was only 9:45am. They were still making breakfast. So I went to Wendy at the S I ferry where they make the chicken mcnuggets any time.
I took my children and their friends here for a treat after shopping. We used ordering kiosk..food was promptly given to us. When we found seating ,it was right next to the McDonald's security. Security cursed up a storm around my children with great vulgarity.
It was good and they got the food fast
The team that control that restroom and back seats entry are great! Best McDonald's in the area. Cleanest one as well.
Dont think i would go here on my own, a lot of vagrants about. Not very clean, food was ok.
Asked for pickle on my chicken sandwich, got 8 pickles. My sister is picky and orders her burgers with not ketchup, mustard or onions with extra pickles. They nailed that. Her chicken nuggets were nice and crispy. The only complaint I'd that the fries were a little soggy, but they were still hot, so it cancels out the sogginess.
I wanted 2 barbecue sauce packets and they forgot to give me it.
Employees make many mistakes, and it's patrons that hang out there, many are addicts.
The place is a mess and they didn't have breakfast. They expect people to eat a McDouble with orange juice at 5 am.
"The male cashier was lazy and rude and tried to charge me the higher prices. The 2 hamburgers I ordered were cold , COLD . Worse, they did not contain the extra pickles I requested 3 times! Yes 3 x. The 2 Apple pies were not only cold ...but ,worse, had been clearly sitting out all day and were so over cooked,  I just  spit them out and into the garbage;  less than 1 bite.
The chicken sandwich was not hot either  and worse , it was waaaay overly smeared  with unhealthy  mayo which  I threw away so as to not suffer food poisoning. It was by far the worst fast food restaurant experience ever in my life and it cost me a whopping  9 dollars and 93 cents. I WANT A REFUND PLEASE.

FINALLY ,this crowded McDonald's  was the filthiest and dirtiest one I've ever been in.

So very very sad and disappointed.

Respectfully submitted,

Timothy Ernest."
I was there this morning 3 24 2023 6am. Trying to order a biscuit and hashbrown. Like every day today this lady lost her mind told me to use the big screen to order and get receipts. She was doing nothing but standing there she don't want to take my order and keep telling me use the screen and refuse to help me.i verbally confronted her .there I left without my breakfast. If people like her keep working for your well known establishment you loose and get defame your good name because people like her. Teach her some manners how to behave with people ho come to your restaurant to have good time. She act like I was a homeless person. I hope you can do something about this incident.  Have a good day.  But I will not have good day because I will continue thinking about  what happened this morning with me at your place.
Customer service wasn't good and there were big rats outside
"Very up to date McDonald's. Great customer service and fast service.
This is the first fast food service spot that I got my food in less than 7 mins . Usually I'm waiting 20 minutes."
I had an awful experience at this location with one member of the security staff they hire to keep customers and employees  
A Disgusting place a bunch of crack heads inside fighting and yelling. I ordered a coffee and it was not drinkable.
If there is a meal time limit, please post it clearly on the table. Instead of letting the staff drive people away. I haven't even finished my drink. Guests will be more civilized than your staff.
The quickness and efficiency is good but the quality is missing a little.  The nuggets weren 
Unfortunately it was a bad experience. Went inside waiting in line for the order be taken for a bit of time. Patient because I noticed a lot of staff was just giving out those takeout orders and orders that already been taken. After being there but I said this is ridiculous who's going to serve with us? Next thing you know after about 10 minutes they put up a sign saying oh you got to use the machine all of a sudden so you hungry no food you know what to say a hungry Man is an angry man. Give McDonald's zero stars for the way they handled their customers
Rude staff, they talk to each other without paying attention to the work .. they always get the sandwiches wrong ... dirty place !!!  It should be closed
"Can be cleaner.
Good service"
Very crowded , dirty and cashier was rude
"I am a big fan of Mc'Donalds, I have tried it in more than 21 countries so how can I skip when I am in New York, USA.
Same taste different country."
Nice clean place and quick service
There are better McDonald's places than this.
Very poor service, I was anxious to go to the toilet, but I was asked by the security to provide a receipt first, otherwise I would not be allowed to go to the toilet. The security attitude was bad, I do n   t know if it was racial discrimination, I wanted to buy two burgers an
Service poor no one speaks English to much beggers
McDonald's seems to be the meeting place for homeless and mentally ill people in NYC. I don't know why ?
The food was ok but I have experienced better service. They missed things... The tables were in bad condition and the floor was not cleaned since ages.
We went in the evening on our way back to the hotel from a trip to the Liberty Island. We were really hungry so we ordered lots of stuff. The food and drinks were good. The place has lots of seating space, and you can order on the self-help kiosks. It seemed like the restrooms were not open as there was a gate towards its entrance but we didn't care because our hotel was nearby.
Very rude workers don't even let you go to the toilet.
The food was not a problem. But there has to be better security. While we were waiting for food a fight broke out between 4 or 5 people. Very rough and scary. They were pushing and yelling and several times one individual looked like he was reaching for something in a bag. Took management a while to call police. They finally got there but the perpetrators had left. Very scary experience.
Not enough staff. What's the point of the mobile app? They won't start preparing until you are there. 22 people ahead of me. 22 minutes wait time. Over priced.  I ate it faster then the wait time and I eat slowly.
This is one of the busiest stores in the city. You get everything here. Definitely not a good place to dine in. Lots of tourists and people constantly asking for money inside the restaurant. Avoid if possible
Apparently there   s a bouncer for
Went for late lunch and it was pretty busy. However, security was on top of it for everything including making sure tables were cleaned immediately after someone left. All in all a good experience
Disgusting just bought a burger with mold on it! 
The staff was rude and the food was cold
Very clean not crowded food was actually hot
I've been more than patient with this place. I understand this is a tough area to work because I work near this restaurant. At this point closing so early randomly is unacceptable. It's like you are gambling with the little time you have for break. And the site says 24 hours, and still no dining??? They have security, so dodging the seedy types should not be an issue here.
I have never seen such a disgraceful service in my life. workers are very rude. That woman at the cash register shouldn't be standing there. should get out of work. You can't treat customers like dogs. who are you ?
Food is a pity, waiting time - horror for the "fast" food.
"ýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýý
Despite the fact that itýýýs front sign explicitly says ýýýOpen 24/7ýýý, they unethically keep the doors tide shut from the inside, based on a made-up rule that you have to show proof of an order from your ýýýý phone. Even if your phone is dead, in the middle of the night, and youýýýre starving, they still wonýýýt let you simply walk inside to order, like everyone else in America. This is place is bad for business. DONýýýT bother."
"PROS: This McDonalds is located right next to Madison Square garden making it an easy stop right before or after the game. They are also very clean and the staff seemed to be nice. The food came fast compared to other fast food places in the city

CONS: The touchscreens that you order your food on had a tough time scanning the vaccine card and the place was small inside compared to other fast food places.

OVERALL: Great place near the garden but isn't my go-to when I hit that area of the city"
Terrible experience.  Filthy.  No soda at all.  Staff could not have been ruder if they tried.
Staff is nice and they are fast to get the food out. I only go in the morning for breakfast on the way to work. Only issues are the norm in many places. they don't clean the kiosks often and they are no wipes to do it yourself, and have to be careful of people crowded by the doors.
Very  good clean restaurant ï¿½ï
Your typical McDonald's. Which is generally why people visit McDonald's all around the world. Consistency. Could be a little cleaner. But nothing that would turn one off. Reasonable experience. Reasonable service. With expected pricing.
Who don't like McDonald's Mickey D's Mickey D's I'm digging it I love my espresso
"Looked like it could have done with some more staff.

Dude handing out the food just marked random ones as gone even though he didn't announce the numbers.

We had to go ask for ours. It was just chilling there.

But it's McDonald's. If you're going, you're going to go regardless of the rating."
To many homelessness are in this franchise it is quite disgusting
Security worker said we could not eat our food inside and was very disrespectful, started taking a video of us and making rude comments while doing so. Made us go outside during a severe thunderstorm after purchasing our food. No sign saying anything about no eating inside the restaurant. Guy just had a power trip and probably upset how his life sucks
It is great thant you can actually eat inside the place no like many other restaurants in the area at the moment because of the omicron variant. The bad thing it's that the personal in these particular McDonald's is slow... you're going to have to wait for your food at least 5 to 10 minutes..... It is the price you have to pay if you want to eat inside haha
Nice place, service is very quick and great atmosphere
I ordered a coffee the service was super fast and just how I like it. The people behind the counter were so nice and easy. It even came along with a smile and a thank you.
Not too busy everything was clean and service was good wait time wasn long even though their was a decent amount of customers. And food was fresh as could be for fast food. Also not one employee was rude. Good visit and would recommend this one over some others in area.
Restaurant was clean and there were social distancing. It's what you normally expected from a fast food joint. Prices were little higher than normal but it is in Manhattan so that's to be expected. Service was quick when I went there in off hours.
very very dirty and broken tables and benches
A lot was out of stock and staff attitude is horrendously bad
"Maybe the quickest McDonald's I've ever been to.

My order was out in 2 minutes max on a busy afternoon."
It stank in this facility. How is food even served
Horrible! Avoid this place at night.  Unsafe.  Panhandling at the counter and hooligans will take your food the second it is ready for pick up, they won't even call your number. Staff and security could care less.
Almost always a scene here.. impatient people, sometimes some yelling goes down..but I always get my order in fast and easy. If there's a line, use the digital kiosk. If not, use the human. Never waited more than 5 min here for a big Mac or double.
Pretty clean place, crowded of course but that can be overseen when you find a table. Service is pretty speedy, got my food pretty quickly. Security by the bathroom though, need your receipt just to use it. Gets annoying hearing "ma'am wait, sir your receipt?" "You need a receipt". Tip, don't throw away your receipt until you leave, and don't sit next to the bathroom if you don't wanna hear that everytime a person tries to enter the bathroom.
McDonald's is always clean and serves fresh fast food
DO NOT I REPEAT DO NO NOT GO THERE!!! ONE OF THE WORST MC IN THE CITY. EVERY MORNING THEY NEVER HAVE MOBILE OR REGISTERS ITS SUCH A INCONVENIENCE. LIKE WHY ARE YOU OPEN???????????????????
To crowded and not safe with homeless and drug addicts hanging out inside. The good was not the same as other establishments. Very disappointing with good and service. Last time going there.
Was there with my 2 year old(kids meal 4 piece chicken nuggets). I was attempting to use the kiosk when one of the employees a young lady came immediately to assist. She explained the process and took me to a register to check out. Within 4 minutes I had placed my order and had my food. Wonderful service though there were a lot of customers. Wonderful experience.
Chances of being stuck by a hypodermic needle are pretty high at this location.  Restaurant is full with people you really wouldn't feel comfortable eating next too.
Too many people hanging around for change
Supervisor is a mean person that every time she has a argument somebody get hurt is really incompetent and if I'm lying look for all there latest news. And you will find tha the first with her and a client and it end security harming people. I am so sorry to say this. I was a suing manager in McDonald's when I was younger and there are better ways to handle situations.
"Payment Warning!" The non-American foreigners who run this restaurant is the only McDonald's in United States that do not accept Discover Card for payment.
"The staff who work there have no manners whatsoever. I go there everyday on my break and when it's time to pickup my order it's just a ""here you go.""
I'm always polite and always say thank you even though no one ever says anything back.
At this point I'd rather talk to a robot than anyone who works there.
I'd probably get better service."
"Normally all the Macdonald's are the same. They have to keep the standard what is the Franchise of the Macdonald's request from who is getting enter to be one the franchise one..  For me the best item they have in their menu is the ""French fries ï¿½ï"".
I love to Go  around the many places in the world.  And enjoy one of the fries. Sometimes they introduced a new drink. Now they are getting innovated  and you can order your food  in the internet. Delivered to you by IFood."
I wanna hug whoever made my order @ 12:30AM because the fries were so crispy and quarter pounder was perfect
If I could give zero stars I would. This place is supposed to be open 24 hours but they tell you at midnight their closed and tie the doors shut with what looks like a sweater after you   ve placed an order. T
Worst service I ever experienced. I ordered one thing but cashier decided to sell me double of what he thought was better. When I asked for my money back Angel the shift manager was very rude verbally and physically. I will never be going to that establishment again.
Very friendly staff! The cashier right away greeted us and asked what we would like to order. She was also very helpful explain the offers that were available. Service was fast, quick and extremely efficient. Waiting time was less than 5 minutes. Good fast food spot for a quick bite to eat! They also offer order yourself service and of course on the app too! Food was good. The only reason I couldn't give this McDonald's a 5 stars was because many tables and chairs to eat in were a bit dirty. Also, the restrooms were dirty it could have been better other than that #eatoutside and don't forget if you like my review please give it a thumbs up!
Have to say they finally up the game recently & put security in the establishment to prevent certain unwanted people taking up seats early in the mng. sleeping & leaving a mess! That no longer currently exists as i have seen the change myself! Don't hesitate to enter the establishment for breakfast  ½
Great service. Clean. Unfortunately, they have seedy people that love hanging out on the side walk. This is not Mc Donald's fault. However, I feel safe and satisfied with the pace of service.
They need to keep the restaurant clean,tables are dirty,chairs,are equally dirty,you homeless people walk in there bugging us customers.
Thank you guys, for your job and the effort to keep the place at the nice level, even sometimes becomes messy, but you always were friedly and ready to prepare my food order ( not the healthiest option tho ), but you always saved me from starving
It's a decent McDonald's.  The issue is its location,  it's  a high tourist area and hub for New Yorkers to do a lot of shopping or transferring bus/trains. That also comes with people who are on drugs, homeless and so on. But it's not that bad
This is what I encountered when I came to this location today.  A trash bag wrapped around the door by the security guard to stop ppl from coming in.   So instead of a safe, warm location to order and pickup from, I had to wait on a very dangerous Avenue in NYC while they took their sweet time in making my order.  20 minutes to make breakfast and having to wait on a dangerous street is ABSOLUTELY APPALING
They were careful about maintaining social distancing, an encouraging sign.  However, because of the nature of the area, and the poor getting poorer, and the homeless getting braver, several times while waiting on line to order and to pick up, seemingly homeless/desperate people came in begging, some pretending to order, some appeared to be casing the customers.  It was disturbing to say the least. On top of all of that, the meals I had ordered were cold and the french fries limp and cold. I would never go there again.
Slow late night weekend workers,especially the female worker,it seems like she doesn   t wanna work,highly doubt any s
"This review is in 2 parts: 1st the dining area and bathroom and 2nd the behind the counter crew and food.
1st...this Mc Donald's seemed to have their own guidlines for COVID-19. And the guidlines they followed were NONE or ZERO. The place was VERY crowded.NO social distancing. NO one to monitor or count how many people were allowed in. it  did not feel or look clean or a safe environment ...good to  spread germs and viruses.
alot of people from the street who were not customers just hanging around using many tables and  shoulder to shoulder in the seats. people passed out in the chairs with masks pulled off. They had ONE dining room person who just could not keep up with the mess that they were leaving. The bathroom was a horror show: obviously people were washing and cleaning more than just their hands inside. was dirty.
2nd,..the saving grace of the restaurant was the cashier, the food expediter and the employees making the food. they were all very fast, pleasant, thanked me, and the food was hot, fresh and very good.

Dining area and bathroom: 0 (zero) stars

Behind the counter employees and food: 4 stars

Combined and average:  2 stars"
Very clean decent bathroom.   Lots of lost soles during the week hanging out.  But they are kept low and behaved. Bathroom is kept clean and decent and they have a wall of ordering terminals to is. I do suggest using an app and having it ready rather then the touch screen. They have a long delay and it's a bit to order.
Love to get my breakfast from this Mcdonald store. The coffee and tea is the best. I also like their pancakes and sausage.
Full of dropouts. Take care
I work pretty close to this location but I try to avoid it because of the sheer amount of homeless and drug users that visit the establishment.  The lines are not usually long but they are very disorganized and the wait time for can take over 15 minutes for just a sandwich. The food/promotions was on par with other locations.
"McDonald's is fast food not because it's good but a quick cup of coffee ok.
Don't expect much as far as food! The
worst thing really is the ordering and waiting to get what you ordered!! Worse McDonald's is 8th Ave 35st! Very bad staff! I asked for a straw I had dropped mine no no no I said I'll pay for it never got the straw lol! You will live eating the food get ready for
cold food! And nevermind an extra anything! Shame it was not bad but now ½ï¿½"
I just purchase 2 sandwiches here today.  I got a McChicken and a McDouble.  Both of these used to be on the Dollar Menu.  Now they are on the $1 $2 $3 Menu and they are $3 each.  The McChicken had Mayo only on a far side and it was all over the wrapper and top of the bun.  Almost NONE was in the sandwich.  I ate it though, but it tasted funny.  The McDouble was ABSOLUTELY TERRIBLE.  The bread was stale and hard.  The meat was cold.  It was a 1 out of 10 burger.  It was that bad.  I couldn't eat it so I threw it away.  I wish I could get my money back.  McDonalds is a failure at this point.
I always come here to get something quick while I work. It drives me crazy when I forget to check my food before I leave the restaurant because when I get back to work the food is so old! It   s so sad that you have to check your food before you leave! I ordered 3 McChickens. They were so old and hard that I literally had to just eat the bread because I 
I enjoy this mc Donald's however you can't use the bathroom without first showing the receipt  
This McDonalds location is HORRIBLE!!!! They work very slow during the night/morning hours, forcing customers to use the Kios machine and everyone don ½
All of the unmanned spots to purchase food didn't work so you had double the effort to buy something, not cool. If you have a feature that's not working turn it off till it works. If they have to test it I'll give em some possible credit there. This place is crazy busy usually.
Crazy busy and usually encompassed with 8th Ave nutters but the security keeps everyone in check;  they've always gotten my order right and regardless how busy, they always manage to get orders out pretty darn quick. #ghettoefficiency
Security was rude. Has an emergency to use Restroom. He said No unless u purchase something.  I explained I would get a coffee but I an Urgent need to twinkle.  He state not my problem! I purchased a coffee. Will Never patronize this business.
This McDonald   s is straight up trash. The one on 34th and 7th is better. Went at a bad time cause it seems like their systems was down. Only the kiosk was working. Sad thing is I had asked the lady if they had ice cream. She asked the manager, manager said no. Next
You would figure with all of the kiosk ½
Terrible! Patties are so thin AND overcooked. I remember how McDonald's use to be,and how real the burger use to taste. Y'all sacrificed everything about the old school taste of McDonald's for,obviously a profit. Never again. My kids will never eat there.
The security guy was very rude. He was on his phone while I approached him and asked if it was possible to use the restroom. He was rude and said that I can use only with a purchase which I agreed to. I humbly asked if I can use the restroom first before I make the purchase and he raised his voice at me and said u keep asking me the same thing. No humanity.!!
Dirty, sticky tables and floors. Crowded. Expect to wait a while for food ordered at kiosk and at the cashier. No table service here. Dark space. Lots of transients, though the guards do a good job of making sure people buy stuff.
Staff member made a mistake which we didn   t realise until back at our hotel. Returned to pick-up the missing salad and drink - rude member of staff who ignored us so we went to the collect desk - that staff member ignored us too so we followed her - she told us to go to the other woman! We refused and requested she deal with us. We had no receipt just the ticket number - they had taken the receipt with the initial order! Eventually gave in and tried to give us the original drink (erm if we had been trying to con them, how would we know the drink was there just sat on the side going cold?). Anyway don ½ï
"It's a McDonald's. If you want you've eaten at one, you've eaten at them all.

However, this review is based solely on the location. 8th Avenue has a SERIOUS homeless problem, and the restaurant is always swarmed with them. If it were just that they were begging for change, I could forgive it. Unfortunately most of the people I've seen are out of their minds on whatever drugs and usually screaming and carrying on. They make me incredibly uneasy, to the point where I'm not comfortable eating here anymore. More than once, I've seen fights break out. Best to find another location."
I didnt have a mask cause it suddenly broke while on line and the cashier offered me a mask. I thought that was so awesome i was so happy causw they made me feel welcomed and not embrassed. The staff was pleasant and quick serving.
McD's is a good place to eat fairly cheaply! The wait time for your food DOES vary from restaurant to restaurant though! (Sometimes great! & sometimes terrible!). The food quality seems to be the same from restaurant to restaurant! I love their sweet tea!, regular cheeseburger, and their fantastic fries! I would recommend it to people looking for a decent meal at a reasonable price!
Was vert messy although the poor staff were trying to keep it tidy but people just leaving wrappers etc around.  Staff were great and food as expected
There is a hired male guard for the bathrooms to ensure only paying customers use it, which seems overkill and made me as a customer uncomfortable. The technology of coded locks satisfy this need for other businesses in the area. Bigger concern is that a guarded bathroom was still incredibly filthy. If you're paying someone to hang around the bathroom all day, maybe also pay someone to hang around the bathroom and clean it. There was a copious amount of a vomit like substance trailing out of one of the stalls that had been there for some time and one of the two stalls didn't lock. Not cool.
I   ve never left a review in my life but I had to for this location. The    security    guard on staff tonight in this location was horrible, to say the least. The lack in customer service and decency is appalling. I   ve never walked into a business where the    security    guard is finding any issue he can to cause a scene and I   ve never seen a  
Overcharging customers with their uninformed prices, then management does aid to the issue with accommodating the customer with the stated price.
Our chicken biscuit sandwiches were awful the chicken was overcooked we couldn't eat it ended up throwing it in the garbage I wish I had took a picture of it
It was crowded (it's New York tho) but the security guard was always making sure people to use the mask...  and it was fast even with the amount of orders. On time, good food, right order. Simply Mc Donalds.
This location constantly serves stale food, have received hard/burnt/overcooked sandwiches and freezer burned chicken tenders. Even though it says open 24 hours I   ve been told turned away at 3AM, 1AM, and even as early as 10PM a couple of weeks ago. I had to wait an hour on food after the kiosks malfunctioned and my order disappeared in their system and the people working wouldn   t even hook me up with a large fry instead of a medium after waiting so long. This location just can ½
Food was good. Time to serve was fast enough and though as a first timer, I never knew how to make orders via the machine. Lol, am just a new arrival from Africa, we are use to human Services not computers. Lol. It was a good time overall.
"its ok, right now any other Mcd store. They are all mostly empty, if not then 2-3 people waiting in front of you.
The employees are really friendly and polite."
It was dirty, homeless people hanging out inside asking for money,I offered a person $5 to buy a meal and was insulted,I guess money was for Drugs or beer
Fast service, but while I was there on vacation staying accross the street the service was a bit harsh.
You usually don't associate McDonald fast food with good quality but with this shop you really have to. The design of every thing was actually elegant in a way and the service is quick and polite. And you have to believe it when I say the burgers in there actually looks  like the ones being advertised on TV all the time. The taste and qualities of the food are 10 out of 10 for me
Cant use restroom  without paying
It looks crazy outside because of the people but very clean and put together inside. Security is on point! Felt very safe waiting for my food  
Ok for quick pick ups. Not the best place to go for a semi decent eating. The place was crowded, the crowd a bit rough around the collar, and the staff appeared rushed. Have head better service same venue, different later in the day.
We came here late and hungry. Our man Arturo helped us out and was patient and good with us. New York is a wild town but he didn 
Clean, however the checking of vaccine cards should be a bit better. Of course this is my opinion. I was asked at the time, who I was with was not.
Got my order pretty fast.
Istopped in at this location at 3 am on Sun morning it was super busy and understaffed. Surprisingly however  the overwhelmed staff was super nice. Even through the place was crowed it didn't take long to get a customized order. The bathroom was understandably a mess.
Like the modern look inside and nice seating. Great atmosphere for casual Hangout with friends. Kiosk there helps when the lines are too long. Cashiers are friendly and nice.
"Bathroom door lock is broken.

Went from 3 to 5 stars since it's the best looking macdo I found in NYC.
I ended up coming multiple times there.

America should reconsider what the standard is, European Mc Do are way cleaner, service is faster."
"I've been here numerous times and have no complaints about the food or the staff. As mentioned in other reviews here, there is a problem with the overall cleanliness of the restaurant and the ""transients"" that call the place ""home"".

I'm not sure if there is a homeless shelter nearby or if people just love to hang out in the place, but there are always less fortunate people there especially in the morning. Just this morning I've witnessed the NYPD escort a woman out of the restaurant that was loitering. There are signs throughout the restaurant that clearly state No Loitering and that there is a 30 min time limit. Now that the weather is getting colder, people are just looking to stay warm.

Unfortunately, McDonalds is in a difficult position. As a former General Manager of a fast food restaurant, I used to deal with ""rough"" teenagers and ""undesirables"" especially at night. I wanted my paying customers to have a friendly, warm and inviting environment to eat in with their families. The ""rough"" crowd made that very difficult to maintain. I, like McDs started with signs. The McDs in this review also has full time security to help keep the people safe and moving.

You see, you just can't stand at the door and not allow people to come into McDs. The best you can do is try to manage it. I give them a lot of credit for trying to do just that. I also give credit to the employees as they have to deal with it all day long. As far as the cleanliness, they can do a much better job there. I can't speak for all the people given Lobby Duty, but I've never seen one with a cleaning bottle and rag to clean the tables. So, even I had to sit at a table this morning that wasn't clean. It wasn't exactly disgusting, but it wasn't clean either.

I've never been in the bathrooms because I try to avoid them at all costs. I've seen the people that come out of there and also the bathrooms at Penn Station down the block. It can't be pleasant in there and frankly, I wouldn't want to clean it either.

There are other McDs in the area, but this one is at times convenient for me. You can't beat the price for breakfast in that area in NYC. I would NEVER bring my family there. But for a quick stop in the morning, it's ok.

So, the 3 stars are just for the environment, the ""ambiance"" and the cleanliness. The food and the staff are great, it's just a ""difficult"" place to eat in given the community."
Nice place. Tables should be cleaned more rapidly though. There were several empty tables when I went but here were food drops on most of them... Not quite clean
Good and fast that what you call fast food
I   d expect a McDonald   s near Penn Station to be pretty terrible, but they   ve actually kept this location reasonably nice. It ½ï
Due to the COVID pandemic things have evolved and MacDonalds is definitely updating its customer service. There are self-counters now to place orders. The service has improved for good! Great burgers!
The service was quick and easy
I had to give 2 star because I've been trying to call the phone number listed on the website multiple times and no one responded or go to voice mail with Verizon. I had few missing items that I wanted to report. The food came fast but I have had better food from McDonald's than from this location.
Dirty, several people trying to sleep at tables, no vaccine check. We were desperate for food/drinks but believe this was where we contracted covid. Currently in quarantine on ship.
Bad service. Couldn't find straws,  all the tables were dirty.  And went to wipe a table down and couldn't find napkins.
"Extremely busy when we visited at lunchtime, with queues at most of the automated order points, and hardly anywhere to sit once we had received our food - which was good - from the rather harassed looking staff.

Despite there being a clearly signposted No Loitering policy with a maximum 30 minutes to eat your meal, this did not seem to apply to the rather insalubrious clientele who were occupying most of the seats in the back part of the place. I hesitate to use the word ""restaurant"" to describe this outlet.

As it is almost opposite the Tick Tock Diner, which was really busy at breakfast time, we had planned to try this McDonald's for breakfast, but after today's experience, we'll give it a skip."
It was full of junkies. I was holding onto my purse n couldn't enjoy my meal.  Finally, my daughter and I had to leave.  If I were just rating the food, it was hot n served quickly.
The people at the store we're so rude. The manager was keeping her cool. Good job. Once I actually ordered my stuff came out fast and correctly.
Very dirty place.
Food was up to their standard, except the chocolate shake was thin and not frozen. But the place was a total mess with all the tables dirty and trash all over the floor, and no table numbers at the ordering kiosks. One person did come out and start sweeping before we left, but it seems some retraining may be in order for this location.
"This McDonalds restaurant was Ok. Neither more or less compared to my expectations. However, I find it on a negative side note the constant stream of homeless people entering the restaurant, causing somewhat of a commotion.

The service and the employees of the restaurant was helpful and fine."
Bum central avoid this one at all costs
Well this McDonald's has been known through out the City as not recommended place to eat but that's are people Opion. I've known this places just like anywhere else as far as people coming in and starting problems. Any way this place I gave it a 5 cause the employees are very respectful  clean when you oder there's a couple of employee's that I like to mention. Mr. Noe is a young man that does almost everything behind the counter very respectful fast worker is important in a fast food business. Next  Rosalva  is also a very respectful employee she works behind the counter greets you with a real smile not only welcome to McDonald's and a fake smile you could tell the difference     Third is the one that runs this place is the manager Maria. She makes sure everything is in tip top shape for the Customers friendly always trying to meet the customers request also with a great  ½ï¿½to come.
Terrible service, slow, understaffed, dirty place and food was raw
It's a McDonald's, there's nothing to say
"The fries were too greasy and the bread was disgusting. Watch out for the homeless people! One of them gave me a wedgie while i was waiting in line for my food. thank you

From ~ BigMamaPimp"
Attention tourists: due to the high volume of homeless people, the chain hired a rude BOUNCER. Local authorities can not handle the increasing population of unfortunate citizens living in trains stations and NOW residing on stores and/or food chains. The staff EXCEPT for that individual, is good. First time I see this type of worker at a McDonald's franchise.
It's McDonald's, don't expect much and you won't be disappointed.
Good food and good service. The place was packed but the staff was friendly and very well organized.
It's dirty and to much people from the streets go there and ask people for money when people are eating and they don't smell good and is very expensive
McDonald's just isn't what it used to be.
They botched an order. Ordered spicy chicken sandwich and they gave me a dry one. no condiment. Compete with Chick-fil-A? Yeah right, can't even compete against popeyes
I read the reviews and they were unkind, but it was conveniently located. Also, $1.00 coffee.  They have security to keep out the undesirables. Weird to see 2 security guards at McDonald's but I guess it is working. The place was clean and being able to order at a kiosk made the wait time short even during the breakfast rush.
The self serve stations dont have table tags so you go through the motions only to get stuck and have to go to the counter or know to put in a random number to self order... they are busy and the place is clean enough but they are under staffed.
Got a couple coffees they were great and they were delicious. Staff very courteous and my coffees came up quick. Felt very safe.
Horrible and very rude guard
Very dirty dicusting.. food was sloppy and taste awful... wired and very unpleasant view of costumers in there...the most ugliest McDonald's I've ever been to 
It's a big space, it's a bit allover the place when it comes to management and foot traffic, some go to this mcd's with the intention of hanging out. The service is a hit and miss, and at times the place can be a bit dirty, but the prices r decent for the area.
The service is ok,  and the food is responsible, not too expensive. I'm not a fast food eater, but I needed to eat something that I don't cook. It was  ½
They said they were open 24 hours but they close at 4, very disappointing at the misleading hours! Employees tie a straw bag around the doors at 4 AM so they don ½
Very crowded you will probably catch covid from the first 60 seconds of being in here you can't even walk in here too many people it seems like the kids get out of school and go here too and terrorize the place
Place was not clean and the staff not particularly gentle.
Quick and fast. They have kiosks that   s easy to use and place your order. The place looks m
If you are passing through and need a place to eat or you don't have time to put dinner on the table usually this is you're next option. But before going anywhere else to eat come here first. If you are looking for people who still care about there job in this day in age and are dedicated to making there service the best it can possibly be this is where you should go.
Nasty. Gnats flying around the trash can. The trash bin was so full people started leaving trash by the drink station. Security talking on the phone. They need to pay attention to the dining area. I was highly dissatisfied
It's great but always double check your bag before you leave, this is the 3rd time already they've forgotten to put something in my order that I PAID for.
"I've loved the original McChicken since it was introduced in the 80's when I was a baby.
But getting that McChicken from midtown it was so bland and felt rushed.
I ate it of course but still it tasted bad compared to the original McChicken"
There fast only problem they area is surrounded by ppl who do drugs like heroin crack/cocaine k2 ect.... Not an area to bring ur kids or family too not even for tourist nothing to see there
Do not go after 9pm. The store was trashed and dirty and staff moved liked they'd just smoked a spliff. Very slow and had to repeat my order, which was on 2 cups of coffee!! Try to avoid this place like the plague.
So ehm what can I say? Italy is the best for the food of course and the chips are offended because you use the ketchup on them and I didn't ask for them. They are too much little soft and I bought them for too much. Paulino is the best! Anywayso I love the mec and bye
For every good and helpful employee, there's a bad and rude one to accompany them. These employees seem to go out of their way to be as unhelpful and rude as possible. And they'll regularly give you sauce packets that are sticky, dirty, and half destroyed. It's honestly worth it to either go to the one in Penn Station or at 42nd street.
Because the female security guard that works for you is very very nasty and very unprofessional.  She throws 90% of the people out for no reason.  She has told the workers behind the counter not to take my order and not to serve me. She has not yet been able to give anyone a reason as to why she is putting me out. Majority of the people who come there. She has done the same thing to. She was once the warden at rikers island,  but she was  caught in the big drug ring letting  the other correction officers bring in the  drugs so now she is working  in McDonald's.  She has threatened  me  and has been harnessing myself and at least 50 other people.  I have called the police and  they told me to call McDonald's corporate  number. Something has to be done about her. She has no right treating people like this
I love visiting McDonald's on my own or either with the kiddos  because that's their favorite place to eat...
Today date is 8/4/2019 , time 6:59 pm, just walked in to use the bathroom and was told by a security guy that I couldn   t use the bathroom unless I buy something. He had a key from the bathroom and was sitting right next to the bathroom. I said ok, and then looked for a manager. The manager had confirmed that you had to buy something to use a bathroom. But for me, she would do a favor by letting me t
Boy this placr was scary
It's unfortunate that this location is the closet to me. The staff really sucks here. From the lack of smiling, hospitality, and there's absolutely no thank you at the end of paying for your meal and no apologies when they give you the wrong order, they just hastily take the next customer. Even the cleaning crew sucks. I asked to be let into the bathroom and he looked at me with a blank expression. There is NO diversity what so ever. Only Spanish speaking crew members....... what a shame.
I wish I could give it a no star! My purse got robbed inside the store and I asked the manager if he can please show me for video evidence he approached me by saying No, ask those ladies raising his voice at me and walked away. How helpful was the manager...
This place is not very clean. When I first walked in, I heard yelling from a waitress saying    302, 302    and there were many insects in this 
It's just like any other McDonald's. The only problem is is the homeless tend to coming in out of here a lot. And use the bathroom to bathe. But that doesn't affect the food and stuff too much. Like I said, it's just like any other McDonald's.
The food is standard, but the customers are awful.  Not their fault. But if you like the homeless and drug addicts  watch you eat. This is the place to go.
This place in particular is a complete mess. And that day I went in was a Saturday afternoon, it was FULL of drug addicts and they took over the place, I believe there's a Rehabilitation Center near by and that's the reason. But however, I DON'T RECOMMEND THIS PLACE, unless you order to take out.
It's a nice place, clean and good service, besides they follow the pandemic rules, I'm don't like that kinda food, but my kid love it
I am truly loving them :D
The meal was good but there were to many homeless people and beggars inside this McDonalds. The beggars where fairly aggressive, impertinent and well prepared for tourists. They wanted to push a brasilian woman next to my table to give them 20 $.  She wanted to give them 5 $, but they tried to argue with her for 15 minutes! It was more like threatening than arguing. I was so pissed of after this experience.... The food is great, but the management should take care about this situation and protect their guests, especially tourists.
Unfortunately the covid-19 pandemic has rendered eating within mcdonalds not possible, it a rather elegant one. Clean, composed, every bit the lady and her     staff are professional.  Fast food done right . Money     low from all the shopping and touring, take swin
I was waiting in line with my six year old son who had to go to the bathroom.  The security guard was sitting down talking to a customer, I knocked on the door and realized there was no one inside. So I asked him to open the door. He told me that if I did not have attitude he could do it faster. Then he opened the door and said Black people always have attitudes. He proceeded to curse at. I went to talk to the manager who pretty much ignored me and continued cooking French fries. I called the corporate number. This was by far the worse experience I have ever had in a McDonald ½ï
"Security person didn't let me use the restroom without showing a receipt. I said ""the line is long, and I have to go man, I'd be buying something after I use the restroom, I promise"" he said no, so now I'm writing this from the pizzeria next door, after using the restroom, two slices and a juice.
Thinking of going here? Go nextdoor!"
One of the best Micky Ds in town.
I was disgusted and appolled by this mcdonalds i would suggest NEVER go here. Walked in to the staff and security guard having a loud conversation or arguement im not sure, but after hearing the "N" word 20 times and standing there not being greeted i left. I felt unsafe and the staff were truly ghetto and extremely irresponsible. 0 work ethic 0 respect. If your a tourist avoid this location ! ! ! !
This specific location had an incredible amount of loitering drug addicts- homeless and Dirty ppl- DEFINITELY AVOID THIS ONE- ESPECIALLY DURING THE PANDEMIC!!
Quick to pickup when you don't have much time. The fountain drinks are the best!
Hello, I  would have gave this McDonald's  a better review but.. They have a person or the store manager  on the floor  telling  people they have to sit and the back or leave.. these people are the homeless and IV drug users....FYI THEY PAYED FOR THEIR FOOD!!
Sad to say the only thing good r the workers..who work hard I only come for coffe ..but they serve u with a smile ..saddest part that this location. Is filled with homeless people ..more homeless then customers. .sorry to say...will I come bk yes cause I enjoy the coffee befir church ....
Soooo slow!!!! Came here to try and get a quick burger before my train (20min for departure) and these guys suck! No sense of urgency. It's supposed to be fast food...nothing in this place is fast. Missed my train by 5min with me running to Penn the whole way from here. Garbage is the sum up for this location. If you're thinking about getting something quick before your travels, look elsewhere. You're better off going hungry than waiting for these lazy employees to do their job.
Quick, clean, efficient social distanced order delivery/ pick up system... excellent job and the food was fresh!
Bit messy but it's in the middle of NYC
"Food was fresh, service was fast and it was inexpensive. Yes it is frequented by transient person's
Where would you go without a home. The facilities are kept clean."
This place had garbage on the tables and floors. It looked like a section 8 soup kitchen in there. Understaffed with unprofessional delinquents. they have their street friends coming from behind the counter after hanging out in the kitchen while tons of people were waiting for their food.
"Very cold atmosphere.
Cash registers unattended with customers waiting to place order.
Smile was lacking whilst interacting with customers.
This place needs loads if training in customer service."
Turns out McDonald ½
This is now my new favorite McDonalds in New York City. Good location near Penn Station. The soda is refillable, acceptable to customers!!!. Some really fast WiFi. I could move my office ½ï
The security hear are a hassle.  You can't eat in peace.  I have a digestive problem and she is watching her clock. She's unprofessional and disrespectful to paying customers. She is pushing out.  You need to address her aproach.And how to handle the customers here.
Wonderfully managed McDonald's with very fast service...  I go here all the time and the staff is truly genuinely nice and friendly... the best coffee for a dollar I've ever had... and even better when somebody else brews it for you...
Ordered McNuggets through the electronic menu and they made me select sauces, but none were given in the order.  The nuggets were dry and overcooked, especially without any sauce.  They also took my receipt when I wanted to keep it, so overall a poor experience.
There was a constant beeping sound that none of the employees seem to care. The tables were greasy with fries everywhere. At least the food was made fast. But I still recommend using another McDonald's.
One of the most disgusting places i have ever been too in the world. And i live in NYC!! In the early morning hours the place is full of herion addics doing drugs or just laying on their booths all high. They put my coffee in the microwave when i asked for it to be hot. Meaning it was probably from the night before.   I donot recommend this place unless you are a junkie.
Often busy because of the high flow of traffic in the area, but as far as a McDonald's goes it is not bad. Service is quick, prices are good, food is consistent for the most part.
This one of the worst environments to eat and i aint too picky.. the place is nasty, and filled with a whole lot of people with drug problems. I felt a bit suspect when i walked in but still ordered, the staff is rude and ignorant,  got my order wrong. Bur i guess they go along with the crowd that comes in and treats everyone like that.. Be Warned not the best place ..and some Mcdonalds are ok..
I arrive around 7am the place is packed with drug addicts.  However the service and food has been good and the older lady keeps the women's bathroom very clean.
I too have experienced: people soliciting you for money (male Hispanic), homeless people,   and other apparent derelicts. ...Also a methadone clinic is nearby :-( This location needs security guards to keep out the unwanted customers
The staff are very helpful despite the volume of people that go there. Also after one orders  there food, they make a tremendous effort 2 get your order to you as soon as possible.
Food was good but my boyfriend and I not feeling good and my boyfriend been throwing up ever since last night when we order our food never eating here again
"ROACH ROACH ROACH !!!!!!!!!
If I had the option to give no stars at all, I would. I simply walked in to use the bathroom and as I was waiting at the counter a roach came out of the bottom and was running around people ½ï"
"Why read a review of a McDonalds? Because they're not all the same. The quality of food and customer service changes across stores.

Slow. Limited availability of basic soda. Employees spent 5 minutes watching an overflowing drinks machine, instead of serving customers.

Worst McDonald's in the area."
"This McDonald's security is horrible. The Africa American lady talks down to people and rush you while your still within your 30 minute time limit. She calls the police every 10 minutes and her mouth is reckless towards paying customers. I've never been more horrified to go to McDonald's. Me & my friends eat there every day spending no less than $10 a piece. They just changed to this security company and they are very very nasty to paying cuatomers. She flashes her police badge to scare people away from here.
This woman is very unprofessional and something needs to be done before someone gets hurt. Thank you."
DISGUSTING !!! that's the only way I can describe this place. It's 1:30 am on a Saturday and my Lord not 1 but 7 people either sleeping in booths or begging for food or money, and the bath room doors don't even lock. Is this allowed to happen? Is this how we run businesses in NY.  I guess McDonalds cares about ALL of their customers, no matter how unsafe they feel.  They just want their money and can't get sued by someone less fortunate, for being kicked out even if they haven't ordered anything. Good job McD's.
Two people got shot after an altercation at this McDonalds. I walked past this morning and two low life thugs were bashing each other up with blood spilling over their faces. Police had to restrain them. The cheap low quality food produced here attracts a horrible crowd. I wouldn't go here and I'm looking forward to this establishment shutting down.
"Oh so good at 4 am wastie was so happy that it was 24/7
Great service good taste
Thanks McDonaldï¿½ï"
The foods pretty good. But you have to pay to use the restroom. But the foods awsome and the ice cream machine works
It's not a good MD for family...It's clean, well lit and service great but people hang out with our food....or a 3 hour bag of fries..
Common fast food nothing more nothing less....homeless hangout right outside the restaurant and come in to ask you for "change" that's irritating when trying to get a bite. Management did however run them out of the store when caught ...unfortunately others came right in as soon as manager was behind the counter.
I go to McD because it's familiar. Even when I want to try something new, I start researching my options but in the end I can't make up my mind and I'm getting hungry so I default to McD.
Like there new 6 dollars menu. Affordable for those who can for now I no they r going to change it back after the holidays. But I wish they would keep it.for us low income people.
Omg whatever compelled me to come in here aside from the fastest and courteous service ever, it's frequented by the worst elements of society ever. Police or security needed here cause these methadonians and crack addicts are over the top not to mention least harassing patrons for money
I went in was a monday afternoon, it was FULL of drug addicts and they took over the place, I believe there's a Rehabilitation Center near by and that's the reason. But however, I DON'T RECOMMEND THIS PLACE, unless you order to take out.
No free refills on drinks, much more expensive than other McDonald's. The restaurant itself is in a sorry state of disrepair. Broken seats, tables with names carved into them grease splattered on the walls begs many questions about what goes on here. Having recently eaten in other McDonald's all over the world, this one has probably been the worst.
This mcdonald's is excelent to observe NYC's night people. All kind of things happened in a short lapse after 11PM. Kudos to the security guard, he did a great job, he was full handed though. Advice: avoid eye contact
Dnt let the long lines fool you, they move fast and efficiently.  The restaurant dining area is always clean, im not afraid to use their drink machine lol . All nyc McDonald's should follow suit lol
McDonalds spicy chicken sandwich and fillet o fish was delicious. Very clean and fast service.
This is the worst Mcdonald's I have ever been in. This place is the epitome of bad customer service. They charge extra for additional ketchup, do not offer free refills and a tiny portion of the dining room is open after 1 am. They close off most of the dining room. One time, I went in to order something around 1 am, but was unable to find any seating because other people were on their laptop hogging the booths and not ordering anything. They were taking up space. Mcdonalds staff did nothing about it when we complained about there being no seating. Most Mcdonalds offers free refills on medium and large drinks, but not this one. One time I asked the manager for a free refill and he was very rude and dismissive. This is not an ideal place to dine in at all, but it is still convenient to order a coffee there though.
The employees can't tell the difference between Diet Coke and Coca-Cola, worst of all I asked them for a second drink and they still got it wrong!!  But they did do my Big Mac good so that why I give 2 stars
This store is a great place to eat but the homeless people take advantage of the restaurant during business hours. it's much better now they have security to keep them under control.
Just another place trying to automate to our detriment. Ordered on machine - requested eat in - asked for a table ticket. (What the hell is a table ticket) mashed in a number. Received a to go order and my sandwich didn't have the lettuce / tomatoes removed as I requested. Can we go back to the days of just ordering at the counter from a human being?
The McDonald's was pretty organised. Better than some others in the US. A lot of room to sit at and clean toilets. The food was okay like you would expect from the McDonald's.
Love the new touch screen menus. Staff was friendly and efficient. Tables were so-so clean (had to wipe up my own).
Not the best hamburgers but they are very good for the price
This place is horrible! One of the employees allows drug addicts to use the restroom and hang out in the back. I stopped here because my aunt wanted to use the restroom. As soon as I took a look at the people hanging around, it was obvious.
Depends on who is working. Sometimes it's a incompetent mess to try to get your food
There's one thing I have to say why have a dollar menu when there isn't one. S.M.H went there last night just for a mcchicken and they wanted 3<<$ and some champagne   I really didn't have it  and was so disappointed. 
Not bad but when you place orders on the web, they never put the kepchut, or ranch or anything like that, the other days they forgot to bring my sodas.
Terrible location. Workers are slow and ghetto. Some don   t even wear a uniform. Random people come in and out the kitchen area an
Very quick service but not very clean
Good place if you like McDonalds like our kids
"SAME AS MOST FAST FOOD JOINTS.
THEY HAVE ALLOWED HOOLIGANS TO SABOTAGE THE OUTLETS AND THEY HAVE ALSO NEGLECTED TO FIX THEM.THAT'S HOW I KNOW THERE IS SOMETHING WRONG WITH THIS PARTICULAR LOCATION.
THE PLACE IS PRETTY CLEAN.MOST OF THE STAFF IS FINE EXCEPT ONE GUY WHO REFUSED TO DO HIS JOB AND HELP OUT WITH THE APP FOR THE BUSINESS WHEN I HADDA PROBLEM WITH IT AFTER I ORDERED."
The best street food in the nyc.  I don't know what type of Charcoal the use. But the Taste is unique. I love this  street food so much.  That  I go to after I featen from a restaurant in the same neighborhood.  The season  they put on top of the chicken thigh is to die for.
"Too crowded, not ""Too dirty"",but not clean enough for me to eat in,order a coffee & go,that's just me.
Oh yeah, I've seen prices lower in other McDonald's like the one on 8th.av. bet.24th. & 25th.st."
Ordered for stay and followed the kiosk to use the table service. Waited for 15 mins and never delivered. Went to the pick up area and don't see my order number on the display.
Great-very busy,open for dinning in, wheelchair access ,friendly staff, fresh McDonald's  ½ï¿½
I ordered food to stay and there were no table tents anywhere. In addition, my food was given to me in a bag despite asking for it to stay. Restaurant was fairly dirty
Very busy site, a clean as it could be,
I don't know what you did to your franchise but all I wanted was a cup of coffee and it took me half an hour.might have been better if your manager was there to help people and not on her phone
"This McDonalds is always an adventure. It is also slightly famous. Famous or infamous I don't know but there is a good NY Times article on it.  It is always crazy packed.  The line control is insane.

The food is normal McDonalds and haven't gotten sick from it which is good.

Basically if you're u come here just get ready to enter a jungle."
It's a McDonald's. Get's 5 stars because my order was correct (egg McMuffin no cheese). Good job :)
This McDonald's is hit or miss, after you walk past the homeless and myth heads your food is nasty; bread is old or fries have no salt and not fresh. Outside smells like piss. Pick another McDonald's, caution.
Cashier was friendly and helpful. The workers moved quickly in serving the guests.  My grilled sandwich was tasty.
{In my Cardi B voice} OUCH
They didn't have enough employees to take your order and they didn't have enough workers to make the food!!!! Horrible customer service they need to have more people working over there!!!!
The staff was fast and efficient and made sure I had the right order.
Terrible customer service!
"Location:   Right by the A/C train line and M34 bus.  1 floor.  Clean.  Lots of sketchy individuals out front.

Service:  Always fast

Wait:   Hardly ever a long line"
It   s McDonald ½ï¿½ï
my favorite part of the restaurant is the nice gentlemen worker who holds the door for you whenever you enter but he kinda smelly sometimes and i think he forgot his uniform at home
Because you can eat these great     
"it's your typical McDonald's. it's clean besides the crumbs on the tables but that's typical.

i didn't get any food, just some coffee; but it didn't taste right so i left it.

restrooms were also filthy when i went."
The staff rushes you out the second you're done eating.
This restaurant is just near to my hotel Wingate. As usual we had a fish burger here. Service is good. Taste is okie. Mcdonald's fried is the best among fast food restaurant.
Air conditioning is very cold. Used to be a drug spot but now they post a policeman outside. They serve a lot of customers and they keep the place well-maintained.
Regular Macdonald's but it was forbidden to fine-in even though many restaurants are reopening their indoor spaces and it was also impossible to go to the restrooms.
Nice and clean and you dont wait a long time to get your food and have z credit card session if you don't want to wait on line and more faster as well
missing part of kids meal, plus less of  following covid19 precussion- disorganized to that extent. gives opportunity of 10 strangers to gather on order or pick up session.
STOP EATING MCDONALD'S...PERIOD
Went McDonald's in Manhattan. It was excellent. The food was hot and the service was good and fast. Note 33rd St McDonald's air conditioning was broken. No problems.
Dirty place, slow service
They charged a price to replace coffee with orange juice in the breakfast that's almost the price to just buy a separate juice, didn't notify me and gave me someone else's receipt when I asked for it. When I came back in 5 minutes to buy the $1.99 2-burritos, I only got one and she refused to give me the receipt.
"I would never go  back  there!!!
It  was dirty and saw several drug deals while eating my food...
Never Again!!!!!"
Just like any other random McDonald's. Good thing, there is free WiFi and the service was quick. I payed at the digital counters and like 5 minutes after that I was having my meal.
We had breakfast here a couple of times. Always tons of homeless people around. One guys was dancing like crazy. Pretty entertaining ...
I won't be visiting my local MacDonalds again after finding out about the awful conditions that their chickens endure. They are bread to grow so large that they are crippled under their own weight and live a life of pain and suffering. #ImNotLovinIt
Your staff put their hands on me while their friends are late night In McDonald ½
10/10 I was I the otel next to this MC it was awesome it was open till relly late and I could come there If the other restaurants where closed
Loads of bums begging for food here, and despite there being a security guard, they allow it.  But on the bright side, they got my order correct and all.
this is my 2nd order Uber is great but my drinks were not delivered I did not say anything the first time but it happened again and when I tried to call the phone is not in service
it was ok the food was good and the workers were kinda nice but the place is like entering a toxic zone
This McDonalds I'm not sorry to say is full of homeless people begging while people are standing in line with their families ordering. Also, drug addicts in the bathroom using drugs while customers are waiting to use it. Very poor upkeep of this location.
I was just there this morning homeless people were in there sitting down the security guard on his radio and not paying attention to what's going on.
Horrible service. They got my order wrong so many times, like i order a customize sandwich and they made it with things i said no to.smh the mc donalds is very humid like there is no working air condioning
Sad they have security because so many addicts and unfavorable population hangs out therw harrasing patrons as they try to eat. You can't even enjoy your food
Worst mc Donald in America. They have lots homeless people inside the place ,very dirty not well coordinated even thought it's in a good location for business. The management have to do something about it.
Too much loitering from homeless people.
A little better this time. They didn't have any homeless people inside or outside. The police was standing outside.
The young lady at the drive thru is sweet and polite and does a great job in serving me hot food, I love going there at 230 am.
Too many homeless people in this establishment, can't enjoy a meal without being bothered by one!
They   re not open right now take the lady j
Best Mickie D's I've had thus far since returning to the NY area, and even after I ordered a sweet tea which wasn't sweet, It was replaced with a better refreshing beverage   kudos to you McDonald's
It's great fun all types of folks from alround NYC out of state drug dealers ungercover cops looking to make a bus in every veiw like u'll the one they coming for it a mess &funny it's the funhouse in 33rd & 8th ave. Enjoy ur meal on wheels lol joeytatz 4 real deal !!!!!!!
Nice place. It was easy to order in store with the self help machine thing.
No electrical outlets for customers in a fairly large restaurant. They also got my order wrong--I ordered an egg and cheese biscuit and got chicken, which at least is more expensive than what I ordered even if it wasn't what I wanted. Hash browns overpriced. They make it look like you get two on the kiosk graphic to trick you.
Female patrons enter this McDonald's at your own risk. There is a female heroin addict hanging in the females bathroom trying to assault and Rob female patrons in the women's bathroom. I advise you to not go to that mcdonalds
This McDonald's does not support the troops!
The service was terrible. They only focused on food orders and drink orders were left behind the counter, piling up, and untouched.
Kia machine you pay for your order and then you wait about 15-20 minutes before the McDonald people give you your order you ordered sits up there and wait until the McDonald staff person give you your food great great modern technology
My mobile order was missing and the crew refused to help. They said there 
dirty place....not hygienic...staff don t take correcty order... prefers talking with other people around...one cashier opened for more ten people waiting and boss opened a cashier especially for his friend and close it.and left...so no respect for the customers and not fair at all. finally a place to avoid
This place was quite dirty and very noisy. We tried to order some food for dine in and it kept asking us table number. There is no number on any table. When I ask the staff, they said they will ignore that.... Very confusing.
Bad service. Food got me sick. This is day 4 and I 
The new layout/technology is a disaster! Rough crowd,  most just hanging around and not eating.  Left with my meal due to the number of times I was solicited for cash and food.  Wouldn't hurry back.
I had not been here in a long time but that night the rest room was the most disgusting thing I ever seen. The food was descent even though I was working my Postmates.
Great ice cream.  Convenient location.  Steps away from Penn Station in Midtown New York, Manhattan.
Place was very busy and the girl messed up my order. Got everything fixed in the end. The food was good
There was like no ac! The toilets were so gross!! The food was like normal McDonalds, but it lacked a good atmosphere.
Great atmosphere, and service. Delicious food. Amazing drinks
Friendly and efficient staff. There is a methadone clinic down the street so the clientele are a pretty rough crowd.
Gave me the wrong burgers, and seemed very dirty. I did come again though and the food was correct and tasted like normal McDonald ½ï
Very slow for late night. No communication with staff for efficiency. At least one of the employees at register is willing to admit fault for delayed food
Food and service ok, but the restroom is quite disgusting
This is the faster McDonald's I ever been it's crazy busy though but they work hard to get your order as quickly as possible
This place does not have any regard for their kiosk orders
First day in NY. Maybe things are different here but the experience was terrible
Great customer service very friendly and helpful.. the managers angie and crystal also help get the food out fast and its a very clean place to eat
Place is overrun with vagrance and lowlives, Steph isn't any better this slow angry and miserable
It's alright if you are looking for quick food. Usually very busy and not that clean.
Ordered something and got something else. I asked not to include the bacon, but they added the Canadian Bacon and served me.
It was a fast order placing. Must of been the time I was there. It was around 6pm on a Saturday. Surprising it wasn't pack being a weekend.
Pretty busy restaurant but which McDonald's isn't? I order food with the app and leave happy :)
"This location is a dangerous place with a dark history. Avoid it if you can. If you decide to go keep your wallet and pocket book close and stay alert!
They have a makeshift memorial on one of the tables with candles and flowers!!!"
Too Many drugdealers/homeless people standing in front of the store and inside the store. The staffs are very rude and sanitation is below average.
It's a McDonald's it won't change your life, it won't fix your car and it certainly won't give you a steak dinner. But damn if they don't have the best fries in the business.
service was decent. not to crowded when I got there.
avoid going in the morning before 7 am you cannot even go in or out of the door with out stomping into a homeless person  cashiers not ready and mobile order system down cannot even get my order and the workers walk around like you don't even exist in the line
McDonalds on 8th Ave & 34th st in NYC threw it down. Fresh food and fresh drinks Luke the Diet Coke wasn't flat??? Nice.
Was little slow but food was okay
Dirty! Strange people inside
This is always been one of my favorite places, but since the renovation it is a more stylish,  user-friendly place to enjoy a delicious meal.
Well i like it in general . the coffee is very nice and also ice cream these are the two favorite things in MCDONALD'S
They always get my friday coffee order incorrectly when i order at the register. Best use the selfserve machine.
Dirty on the inside. Tables were filthy. Typical McDonald's with all types of sketchy people roaming it. Dangerous as well due to the drug induced people inside causing  commotion
It was just ok... no restroom...u can pay only electronic. Have kiosk to give order but no place to see the menu. People at counter not so polite
At one time this was the best place to eat I eat here often years ago just came to see what has change and I can say it's the worst while it's clean not a good or safe place to be any more
The two times i went there for lunch my fries where stale and there is a bunch or ppl from some rehab near by that sits in there and trys to sell stuff or arguing with each other , security is there but doesn't do a good enough job in my opinion
Worst McDonalds I've ever been to. Just awful customer service. We did go in after 10pm but it took 20 minutes to get the meal. Staff were busy joking around and messed up so many peoples orders.
Order correct.  Food hot.  Quick service.
High volume location and usually good food and lively crowds.  You can enjoy a quick meal and be on your way.
Service is good but you get harraesd by bums here. Security does nothing to get them out.
Service is very fast and efficient.  Place is clean  and not too crowded.  Excellent customer service
"I go to McDonald's just to use the deals I get in mcd app.
They are awesome
1$ any size coffee
is hard to beat anywhere
That's what this place provides

Simply awesome"
This place on 8th Ave it is something completely special. A special mess. Always crowded (24/24), orders come slowly but staff is friendly.
Needed an egg mcmuffin ... Used machine ... 4 minutes later it was hot and melting in my mouth
Always good. Great prices.
The employees were super helpful and nice. The service was very quick as well!
"Dirty and unkempt. Limited staff around so tables not cleaned.
Seems to be a popular place for the homeless to visit."
Very poor management if they be open at the time they say they're supposed to open it says 24 hours and I was hoping to stop by and get a quick breakfast before going to work but then they are closed but why even say you're open 24 hours if you're closed, not only that there are always homeless people infested at the doors here so I wouldn't recommend anyone going here
Love the ambiance of it my coffee was hot staff was very nice but alot  was missing
Centrally located. Free Wifi, good service. Great food. Can not sit for long. Watch out for security guys.
We went at 2am, and even though there were less than 5 other people in the restaurant we waited 25 minutes for our food with no explanation. Food was fine but the wait was horrible.
Service is pretty fast for someone who wants to just grab something to eat and leave in a hurry.
They have police officers for security.  The decoration's place is pretty. Long time waiting for service.
That's mc donald food, we weren't waiting for amazing food but I've put only three stars because when we order, with connected screens, receive you a number who don't mean anything so you don't know when your food is ready
Asked for sriracha sauce, was confirmed that they had it. Yet when we got to the hotel, there was none in the bag. Quite disappointed.
Always a lil drama... I pre-order from the app.. Get in, get out.
The restrooms so bad but the customer service  very good
Waste of my monwy
Place cleaned up since renovation. Self order machines, fast service. Same old clientele still coming from surrounding area.
mc donlad
Do you really need to be reading a review of McDonald's? Customer service and McFlurry availability is hit or miss, but the food is the same as any other McDonald's anywhere in the US, except that one that still has pizza.
Remember this place ones doing uber. Clean quick and McDonald's wants all there places to be the same while fitting in with the environment.
Not my kind of place, besides I stopped eating all red meat, unless it's organic or grass-fed beef
I got an vanilla milk shake and it was watery and warm not good it taste more like vanilla milk from the gallon.
McDonald's is something I grew up on and I can never get tired of there bansna strawberry smoothie ½
Very fast with your order. Great coffee. They make it exactly as asked. Love going here.
We all know this fast food chain, it is very popular and has good coffee
service was good only problem was with my drink but I'm glad they reimbursed me
Rude staff - doesn   t want to wor
Uggg why do I even bother with McD's it is always like playing the lottery where you lose more than you win.
Great services and Food Menus
Food is fantastic. But it's so many homeless people inside and bathrooms are so dirty and no toilet paper...
I liked the $3.00 Bundle and the diet coke refill. Crowded on a Friday before the lunch menu started.
OMG can't say enough how Amazing the food and service is. ½ï¿½ï¿½
Staff is always friendly and the bathrooms are always clean. As far as a McDonalds this should be the gold standard.
Its a mess , u order a u get b after 20 mins  when in NYC my advise would be go a a food truck and have delicious meal with peace of mind
Disgusting! It's by far the worst MCD in the area. Filthy tables, people high on methadone, police activity... Horrible, avoid at all costs, especially if you have children.
Good place
There customer service is slow you always have to ask them for napkins and ketchup and always messing up my orders
Managed a good morning crowd with good time between order and getting the meal. Appropriately polite too.
Came here twice as staying opposite, first time was poor but gave them the benefit of the doubt...unfortunately. Rude and ignorant staff...very unhelpful
Requested a frying with no salt they give me one more salt,had to go to the Canta for ketchup up then have to go back again naken they did not  had none available by their soda stand
My son enjoyed the milkshake, but the AC wasn't working right. Place was hot and uncomfortable.
I love McDonald's coffee and this place has really fast service and very kind people working here...
It feels a little disorganized... but your order does come up on average about the same time if u had put in your order by standing in a line.
Bad service, cold food. I didn't get my complete order and had guide the staff multiple times to complete the order.
Fast food. Emphasis on fast. Holy moly does this specific location have it all figured out... They gave me my order in like 30sec
Just tell them no salt on fries u can get fresh ones add ur own
Mobile Communication problems to order the food. Dirty and to many homeless people sometimes you scare to walk inside
Slow service.   Barely warm food.  Lobby dirty.  Order kiosks to replace human jobs.
No long wait/ Good service
Fast food at it's best but the amount of regular homeless people I see in the McDonald's is crazy. This location seriously needs security.
Dirty restaurant,  burgers were horrible. Sad how McDonald's levels are so poor .
A bit slow, but perfectly adequate. It's McDonald's, a chain so have reasonable expectations. They do mccafe at least
A major transformation every thing is new they got 8 monitors to order from plus 4 registers pretty fast  and a ATM.    Half a block from 34th with subway rite there
A lot of drug users were hanging around inside. I did not feel safe.
DO NOT EAT THIS TRASH. IT'S NOT WHAT IT APPEARS TO BE. DO YOUR BODY A FAVOR AND WALK RIGHT PAST. YOU MAY AS WELL EAT OFF THE GROUND, IT'S HEALTHIER.
Love as reminder same stor from movie Coming to Amirca 1982
Was to crowded. We went elsewhere.
This place is open 24hrs, and their service is good   ½
Better service and security now so no more drug dealers and addicts taking over
My order came through fast, and good. So win win
Don   t say you ½ï¿½ï
It's probably the worst McDonald's I've ever seen. Disgusting, dirty lousy staff. A complete nogo..
Bathroom needed to be clean more consistently.  Cashiers were nice though.
The dirtiest McDonald's I have every ate in. I saw inside drunk and homeless people even if there is a security guard inside. Not good for families.
Close to Amtrak station.  20 dollars for lunch, not bad for NYC.  Yea McDonald's.
The ice creams machine was working so I'm a happy camper.
"Skip this Mcdonalds unless you are about to fall out due to a low glycemic index.
Food can be chewed with mouth. That's one pro I guess"
More homeless people than paying customers... Yo could I have a fry  yes you may a quarter apiece how does it feel
Their customer service was excellent as if you were at a five-star  ½ï¿½ï¿½ï
Wayyyyyyy to busy for me as a tourist just to get chicken nuggets for a Toddler butttttttt then again it was a Saturday night lol
The food was not hot, plus staff  need to talk to customers  better .
Although the place was packed, the service was very fast
Very in consistent  salad contains rotting lettuce  noone ever answers the phone to call and complain wet spots all over the floor dirty and unorganized
The night crew is the worst, slowest staff ever in the history of Shitdonalds. 25mins to take orders from 5 people.
Just like any other McDonald's and thats a good thing. You always know what you are going to get
Nothing has changed with McDonald's, I didn't even order food I ordered a latte and they couldn't even get my order correctly. Smh!
Terrible service. Not very clean place. Can often feel unsafe after hours.
It is one of the more modern type of McDonald's with the smart order machines and overall an attractive appeal.
Food was fine but the homeless nearly started a brawl in the dining room.
Well..Its just convenient, great location, and food was ok
The women bathroom doors didn't close,  and they were for dirty . There were long lines to order food that was unorganized and crowded.
Regular vist... I like the kiosk option
Terrible. I have ordered my food and after 15 mins the security came on me saying that I should finish and leave soon because I cant occupy the chair for too long
Doesn't open 24hrs. Tables gotta get cleaned but employees just spend time chatting
If it the one on 34th St and 8th ave. Very busy but affective service. Fast paced good service.
Worst mc donald's ever! Poor customer service and they mess up your orders.  Every time
The place is busy, we needed to wait for a table and the bathrooms are a mess but for to solve a problem fast wirh food or bathroom is good.
Hell no...first if you get your food cuz the wait is ridiculous. This location is a mess ....
Great staff,fantastic food hot and tasty staff very helpful and friendly
It's ok.  The staff can be a bit more friendly to customers.
Shittyy slow service
Too crowded and not enough workers. The workers are so tired that they forget orders and screams to the customers.
Food was good , service was shocking
Food and service are good, but pickpockets abound! Be very alert or avoid the 8th Avenue  McDonald's near 34th street!
Staff was very friendly and fast no pun intended
Poor service had to wait 1 hours for fast food place is a mess and never clean
Food tastes like a absolute trash
Customer service isn't the best. And don't attempt the 24 hours route. They'll have you waiting, but standing at the window
Busy, prices higher than most McDonald's, typical of the city. Easy to find seating.
Great restaurant. Lacks staff at certain hours to kick beggers out
"Orders are served really quick.

If you are a lazy pazy you can also order on Uber eats."
First time ever here and last. I've never had a fish filet taste so bad
Loving the $1 Beverages with assorted flavor's. Very competitive price in NYC.
Away from home we enjoyed a big breakfast and it hit the spot, tasty, filling, and reasonable, too!
Good food, friendly service but a bit messy.
It's been alright, but there are times when they have vagrants hanging around making the place less pleasant to eat there.
Very crowded, always. Tough to find a seat. Otherwise, food is same as any other McDonald's.
They messed up my order. And they are slow. And alot of loud mouth drug addicts was in there making noise
The food is good but the place to to be clean more often
Such an "interesting" crowd of regulars hang out here. I go for my egg mcmuffin and to people watch.
Its just ok for my kids. I can't stand the atmosphere with the homeless hanging out there
This establishment is disgusting when it comes receiving a request from the customer ant getting the customer order wrong or incomplete or not having food offered on the menus every single time it's one or the other when it come to this place it can't just be me
Great place to eat, and great staff too. Nice atmosphere to eat on the go.
Food was fast (as expected), good, hot and the bathroom was clean  
Some of the staff would be more friendlier. But overall it is a nice place to get food.
Absolutely disgusting. There was not one clean table in the entire store.
Good food, but very crowded with strange individuals.
Food was cold fries hard as a stick chicje nuggets hard and col ½
Was unable to order deals on the menu.
It's a good place to go and hang out nice and relaxing and good service
They could never get your order right, I had to go back there twice once, for a triple cheeseburger, they kept giving me a double cheeseburger.
Full of homeless people, there were no napkins, this was the worst mcdonalds I've ever been.
Dining area closed after 8pm but the McD is 24hrs
Drug dealers and users right outside. Although the was a security guard at the door, it was not reassuring.
Great customer service. Not all McDonald's are the same anymore.
Moderately clean place with limited seating at night. Has kiosks to place orders.
Nasty to many homeless person inside
Was so close of my hotel a the service was pretty good and so fast
ýýýýslow and it's supposed to be a 24 hour spot  but they lock the doors with garbage bags
Friendly employees great location wasn't too far from Megabus pick up.
Stopped over for a coffee. The restrooms were locked and when the janitor did open them, she was kind of rude.
Do you know the 3 and 7 ? You said 3, but it was 7, and 7 of course took it away. So where is my 3? it took me another 20 mins.
It was ok.  Didn't like the fact they put garlic mayo on my chicken burger. Didn't even know what a chicken legend was. 
There always packed but they give you fresh food.
Good service try to avoid sitting near the auto doors tho Brr
I find McD to be small and dirty in NYC.  This one is better than most. Service was quick.
Very busy, tables not cleaned , bathroom dirty  and doors not locking, service was fast
Thanks alot great food great service
Could have better costumer service during the night hours
Tables were dirty and system of calling orders made me feel like i was in a meat market.
worst mc donalds  i ever seen.very dirty and  to many drug people.was kinda scared  to be inside there
It's a McDonald's, not much to it. Clean, good location. Not particularly spacious.
It's ok except for the security who makes you uncomfortable and rushes you to eat your food fast.
Unfriendly Employees including the manager. The food did NOT taste right/ but stale.. A very WEIRD McDonald's..
Typical Mickey D food. Lots of homeless people. I wouldn't want my kids exposed to that.
Good food and very clean, near time square area
This location is usually fairly comparatively, but the staff is always professional
The staff are a congregate of the uneducated and ignorant, not to mention the array of drug addicts and homeless deviants that gather outside.
It's in a convenient location on 8th Ave.
Watch ur pocket and get the lowlife of there.
Possibly the worst McDonalds Ive ever visited.  The place was dirty and the food was cold.
Went in with a coupon for a premium sandwich. Got it. It was fresh and I was happy.
Very slow service, the managers and workers do more talking then working.
The mc do experience on time square.. nice to try though the place is always crowded and not really clean..
Nice staff but I dont recomand to anybody to eat Macdo food.
I work at the Verizon Building and Micky D's is a few blocks away. Can get crowded during Lunch Hour
Just like any other MacDonalds, but unlike any other place in that neighborhood, they have a restroom for customers. OK coffee, too.
I find it satisfying here. The staff are always friendly to customers
very dirty bathroom the place it self had a lot of homeless people hang out their .
It's a mcdonalds! You know what you are going to get.  This one had more than it fair share of homeless and you had to queue to get the key for the bathroom
Quick service in a decidedly busy area
MacDonald's was great. 8 th Ave. And 34th. St. Fast service great take out.
Quick service. A lot of workers. So close to MSG:)
Management and Staff there are very mannerly quick to resolve any issues
Ok
No restroom available. Closed to public. We had a breakfast and it was very expensive and not really tasty. We were disappointed.
Great food tasty and all Fast service.
A good McDonald's but seems like there is a lot of drug activity going on around and inside the premises.
Some woman that I don't know was in the bathroom dressed inappropriately and stayed in the bathroom the whole time since I didn't see her come out
"To many homeless and junkie hanging in there.....yuk
No place to sit

Terrible management"
Only go to Mc donalds for the ATM the food is garbage Atm is free depending on your bank
Fast food place, and they have a security officer. This means you will be safe. I guess
This is the worst Mcdonald I've  ever been to the food is old and the fries is burnt
This place really SUCKS! I mainly use it for their wifi but in general I hate Mcdonald's.
Well it's McDonald's not much to say. Located just outside the train Hall .
Its child hood memories in any mc Donald's, they are awesome
I come here to do homework very friendly and family oriented place.
A great place if you got the drunk munchies at 3 in the morning
Very fast and efficient.
Good service, nice looking, but infested with junkies & weirdos.
Horrible service didn't give me what I ordered
Nice place, friendly staff and I love their foods
Always been a favorite.  Love the burgers!
Very cosy,Very clean and fast service thank you again
I mean its McDonald   s and it also closed do
ýýýýýýýýýýýý McDonald's is good for drinks not much else... Yeah I said it. ýýýýýýýý ýýý
Great I took my girl to get something to eat
To many homeless people coming in begging
Bad wifi
"Bartholomew was the best security ever.
Thank you so much!"
They gave me  sandwich had a bite . I wouldn't came again.
same as the others as far as food. patron-wise... lots of interesting characters in and around
had the great butter chicken burger n fries which taste really good
Needs to be kept cleaner especially as a place that sells food.
It's very dirty but at least the food is decent enough.
A good place to get food but is a little crowded
Disgusting McDonald's. There managers are dating employee's and there's an employee who was fired for walking up to a customer and almost hitting him and got rehired. Terrible customer service
Big Mac with extra sauce and pickles  
A high quality example of McDonald's. There is a small play area outside.
Lights very dim in the bathroom and the tables are very dirty
Great service. Usually very Quick and clean :)!
Too much mayo in one burger not fair and staff is not attentive takes time to deliver the order (which is not great)
This location...very busy. Had to return my food because is was cold and hard. Ok service.
It a place you can get something quick to eat
Ok
Its better when you haven't  had it in a while
Some of the workers there are too rude and unprofessional.
Friendly staff. Food is way better than SouthAfrican McDonald's.
Quick service. No mistakes on my order.
Handled the lunch crowd well. For the price, good food.
Good place to take a break of the walking
The food was good, but I thought I was in a methodone clinic.
Not open 24 hours apparently. Came by marathon Sunday morning only to be told it was closed by security.
I ordered a meal by Uber and when I received it the orange juice was missing
Good food  ,but PPL mess it up 4 others by hanging out there when PPL eating..
Very slow staff (not all), when ordering. Food is as expeteced at mcd.
Same ol' same ol'. Extremely fast. Reasonable price. Same quality every day.
Good security & the place was clean & clutter free
Not bad fast service.
Real dirty. Sketchy people.
Clean neat place security guard was helping when I want to sit down in upstairs.
Horrible food is low quality
Good price quick service, very nasty security
Nice and qick place
This is the cool place to enjoy fast food in a group or alone.
Nothing special compared to the other buildings around the worls whixh dwarf it.
Very dirty, I tried to get some water and they told me I wasn ½ï¿½ï¿½ï
Ok food. Ok service. Too many homeless people asking for $
Place is great during the day. After 8pm place is short staff and messy.
Nice place, really liked the self-ordering machine.
Quick service and the food was hot and tasty.
Service is quick place is clean.
I see they got security now to keep the homeless people from sleeping on the chairs that paying customers need to sit and eat.
Best unhealthy food elegant and good service
Service was good, but to many druggies hanging out
The attention is the worst. It makes you feel like you were in Manhattan!!
This is my joint!!! Great for my other homeless peeps, what a world we live in!
Good customer service but the fries were soggy not crispy. Booo
slow and bad service. milk shake was like drinking milk. poorly made
There food is ok but the place is always surrounded by addicts.
"Great service horrible atmosphere
Like times square in 1982"
What happened to the employees being happy... Sad just said....
Service is okay but it's a small place so sometimes it gets overcrowded
Fast and clean. What you'd expect from a good McDonald's.
Cool staff who make the best out of terrible situations.
The cafe is just as good as any other place.
Great food and really cook good and great service
Very clean place I love it. The staff is very professional.
Dirty, slow, no vegan options at all
Very busy and loud
Mcdonalds is always fast and good ! Better than burger king
Too many addicts sitting/standing blocking doorway can't come in or out.
Regarding service and efficiency of their business, Mcdonald's deserve 4stars.
Place near subway and good for quick eats. Awesome food
They advertise being 24 hours, but are turning customers away during late night.
It's decent and proud if how they handled the pandemic.
Not bad. Could be cleaner.
Always good service at least for me !
Always will love mickey D's!!!
Prices are very similar in every state thumbups
Too many heroin addicts taking up customer seating, not ordering food, just hanging out.
The food is good service here was nice
The employee were all over the place. Items were missing on my order
I did not like the food here, service was great though.
I ordered the all day breakfast and it was stale. Hard around the edges.
Good service ..fat food .. nice staff .
Be very prayerful and careful in this area.. HIGHLY DRUG INFESTED  
Fish sandwich, French fries,and chocolate shake is always on the money.
Friendly staff and fast food prep.
Went to use the ladies room. Thank you for your clean restroom.
Not many options but McDonald's quality is there.
Filthy and smelly place
HORRIBLE SERVICE. LIKE REALLY BAD. GO OUT OF YOUR WAY AND FIND ANOTHER NEARBY MCDONALDS
Nice cozy environment but no drink refills
Rehabbed and drive through has been made easier.
Crew is slow and unorganized.
too many crazy loud screaming street people. very dirty.
The food sucks. Makes me want to Throw up. What happened to the old McDonald's?
Great fast service.  Location is quite busy
"Have They Reimbursed The Original McDonald Brothers' Families Yet  ?
Billions And Billions Sold."
Never even got to place my order
Very crowded, very nasty, full of homeless people begging for money.
One of the best McDonald's I've ever been to
It may have a section that is not to be desired but at least there's security present.
Its mcdonalds alright, quick and tasty
I bought medium latte with caramel  they give me ice coffee
I order two cone ice cream and 2 fries they serve ice cream first and too lait serve fries so my ice cream melt badly before eat
Great service, lines was a little long though!
Staff is surly not clean druggies in the bathroom
Open all night but lots of homeless people hanging out trying to sleep
I like going to McDonald's for their coffee drinks and the dollar drinks. I don't eat there.
They serve good breakfast friendly people!
Too many homeless people sleeping inside .Restroom nasty not cleaned !
If You go at night time. There are alot of people just hanging around. It disgust me sometimes.
Pretty location. Regular service, nothing memorable.
They got our order wrong and all of the touch screens were down.
You can never go wrong with fast food
This McDonald's features high technology and food on par with their other locations
Quarter pounder needed to be microwaved as soon as I got it.
Bad location. Unfortunately this place is taken over by homeless and beggars.
I would rate lower but omg the ambiance of this place is BAD!!!!! Stay away!!!!!!
Well they have problem with order to receive time mostly because of crowd.
McDonald's is always consistent..clean gwik ..and convenience
Pretty good food and very busy
A little slow but great food
Great service from the employees.
Very crowded atmosphere Karma there are a lot of food order Mix-Ups
Horrible service always in the McDonald's on 34th and 8th.
Sometimes they are very slow. Staff is very nice.
8th ave n 35 st to many people hanging out there smokin crack in bathroom
Buh duh dah deeh doooh I'm loving it now with bacon
Good service from girls
Love Caramel Frappe!!
Too many "smelly", people. Lots of chairs. Oftentimes crowded.
They don't take directions well
I had to throw away the sausage because it was old and dried out.
Overly unhealthy.   Customer service was very good.
Fast courteous service Great food
Loving their vanilla shake
They really need to clean this place out from these crackheads that just lingere there
My mocca was terrible and I had to wait 15min for it I will never go back
Convenient. Great location no complaint
Very crowded. There special deals are good.
Got our order wrong.  Couldn't complete our order using the kiosk.
I always liked  ½ï¿½
1st experience was great
It's generally an okay McDonald's branch. There can be rowdy crowds, though.
Excellent service, works perfect
Wait for the bus. Some times good. Some times very bad.
Took awhile but was in point
But my child almost  got taking away from me  bc of a homeless  man
Not very fast and no personality from there workers
Gross
Fast food
Typical McDonald's but food quality is good.
2 for 7 taste good when you hungry
Too many delinquents hang around
Great place, except for no vegan burger :(
Ok, but kind of slow.
Didn't have to get too close to actual people
Reasonably fast service for lunch in midtown
It was completely crowded and dirty.
"Awesome and courteoues. 34th a
nd 8"
I use the drive thru.
A little slow but worth the wait.
I like it... Who wouldn't it has wi-fi  ½ï¿½ï¿½
Cashier was a great help with my McD app.
This  is not good there price is different from all the other McDonald's very expensive
Good place
Full of drug addicts and homeless people, I was there on a Saturday for a coffee and left immediately.
can you please fire those  Spanish managers RUDE AND   DONT KNOW  CUSTOMER SERVICE
It was very dirty. Not cleaned. Food cold
Disgusting display of mediocrity and childish behavior from both employees and security.
Okay ...... garbage containers really needed to be emptied throughout the store
I love the way this store is set up
Slow many mistakes on orders and all public outlets are broken
They don't  provide refill service. And burger without onions.
Good Service, good food, and caring staff.
The service is ok and the stuff are trying to keep it moving
Finely a place that uses Hot milk for my coffee
beautiful customer service, and beautiful people as well ½ï¿½ï¿½ï
Very slow and has a dirty dining area
Was good but need to cook the bacon
Very fast service
If you need a bite to eat and you're in a hurry stop at McDonald's is the place to be
It's always over crowded but service is fast
The guard that works in there be harasses me every day I go in there I can't even enjoy my meal
There kiosks were broken and service extremely slow
Fresh jalapeno poppers in the am. Thank you.
Service not good only good thing was desserts
No change on food standard from other Mac restaurant.  Few people comes in and asks for help or money
It was ok as any other McDonald's I've seen in Brooklyn.
Who doesn't like the classic fries
Food was on time. Never seen a McDonald's with police inside
Ghetto
Average for a McDonalds. Nothing special about it. Was a bit dirty ehrn I was there.
Okay but too many homeless in the back area, by the bathrooms
Love the service. Extremely fast effective.
Some workers are so anger and do not attend in a good way
Cold food n salty
It is nice to see people working together.
Needs twice the security and not very clean
Same as everywere, i don't like mc donalds....
Too much old foodie's serve here.
Really busy but the food was fresh
Very clean and fast!
Fast service considering how busy it gets.
Super fast service
it's bad customer  some need to be no tr allowed in this place.
Dirty place yet no complaints on the food
I just went and brought ice cream I don't eat McDonalds
Always a good spot for a quick bite
It was horrible when I was growing now its 10 times worse
A good quick meal at a decent price.
Great food, little crowded
Too many drug addicts and service was poor
Have goo bathroom and you can have iced coffe
Better and cleaner than I thought it would be.
Sketchy af, but decent quality food
I save alot of money when using the McDonalds App about 50%
They move slow never get order correct
Get in and get out as fast as you can.
large carmel frappe my favorite any time of the day
Maybe the dirtiest Mc Donalds I have ever seen
In and out super friendly and quick
Clean and great service (fast)
Clean but always someone using drugs outside.
Food n service was great
Not The Cleanest Mcdonalds Spot ive visit
Speedy service need more restrooms.
Old chiken nd so many baggers inside the Macdonald....
Its a McDonald's! It was clean, friendly and there was seating.
Great spot in Midtown
Is good like fish fillet and nuggets
To many ppl and manager was very rude
Great crispy chicken sandwich!
Busy place to grab a quick  bite.
Homeless people ruin the air...seriously you guys need to do something
Good place. Nice and clean.
So so convenient and the service is excellent.
Super
I'm so happy with the  service
food is always cold and the service is horrible
Not a fan of McDonald's.  This one was not real clean
Mc flurry oreo was the best.
The restrooms have alot to be desired
Food ok ï¿½ï
Great fresh french friesï¿½ï
McChickens were expensive for some reason. I don't like it.
Fast food is no good. Unhealthy
Amazing food thanks again adios.
Security guardand staff  was high!
Buttermilk chickem was overcooked but everything else was great
Good place with lots of seats.
A lot of drug addict's in this area... Must watch your back in this area
The food was very very very good
Everything was well and clean.
My kids enjoyed their meal
You just can't expect much more from this place.
Love their ice cream.
Always busy But it's in good condition
Most terrible MC Donald's I've ever visited
Small place, good service..
Nice staff, fast service.
Full of undesirables. Don't bring kids here.
Coffee can only be had cheaper made at home.
Love those fries with cheese and bacon!
Awful.  Very hot. Overcrowd.
Crowded dirty not a place that I would recommend
Nice,cozy and AWESOME .. 
Glad the bathroom was open and clean
Worst hang out for homeless and problematic people
Fast service and friendly
Very good  
Fast service. Lots of seating options
They got my order right 100%
One of the worst McD's i ever visited
Not as clean or well organized as most McDonald's.
Nice renovation. Slow service.
My five year old favorite go to place.....
Fast service and convenient location
Not very clean.confusion.
I suggest not going to fast food
What can I say its MC Donald's
tasty, very fast order delivery
Very bad  ½ï¿½ï
Fast service under 5 minutes.
I order vanila icecream was good
Quik service and food was exellent
Decent place. Works 24 hours.
One of the best places to eat
Terrible services, long wait times.
Took a long time to get food
fuc# this place got harassed by junkies nice
Good service ,interesting clientele.
Kinda dirty floors but ok
Got my small order wrong  
Its okay but not good for you
Mickey Ds is always mickey ds. Lol
Lots of homeless. Very creepy. DIRTY restroom.
Place smells security staff is a joke
Staff that is both courteous and knowledgeable.  Food always tastes fresh. I like that they have two ordering stations so that you can still enter and exit as quickly as feasible even during busy times. I always make sure to stop by and get at least a strawberry sundae whenever I'm in the neighborhood. It is worthwhile to visit the location to acquire a snack or meal.
Love McDonald's. Been eating them since the Super Size days. Finally they have fresh beef burgers. Would you eat it this pink?
I never dine in but if I do eat here, it is through the drive thru. They always have great customer service which is really nice. The food sometimes is not so great. Either ingredients are missing (probably do to food outage) and sometimes my food is cold which is super undesirable. This place isn't bad, it could definitely improve.
"Popular restaurant for people.
Location is convenient & parking is easy.
I use drive through most of the time.
Prices are a few cents than other locations in this area in some items (prices are varied with restaurant locations)."
"Sometimes the closing hours are not reliable! I cant tell you how many times I've had to cancel an uber eats order for delivery because somewhere the order was accepted but this place was closed! Disappointing to the customer who was looking forward to that late night/wee hours of the morning food and infuriating to me because that's MY TIME wasted and money not going into MY pocket! aka not getting paid for delivery!

On a personal note, I've had MANY upon MANY confrontations with the people who give me the food - I ONLY drink REGULAR dr pepper and as an avid soda drinker since elementary school (now 51) I know the difference between regular and diet - it seems like if you come here after a certain hour, even though I've asked for REGULAR DR PEPPER, I always seem to get one that tastes like a diet one! I have had them give me 3 dr peppers in one drive thru order just to end up with something that clearly was NOT a regular one!!! In addition to having the attitudes checked from those that gave me BIG ATTITUDE for being so, I guess ""insistent that this was not regular dr pepper, I would also examine the machines when they run low or tell the employees not to outright LIE about giving me regular dr pepper just to keep $1.40 - which btw, I'm curious as to why I was charged $1.41 for a large at this location when I'm ALWAYS charged $1.40 at the one on mathilda!!!????"
I like the fact it has longer hours then most of them. If only some of the employees that work drive thru were alittle more friendly. Instead of being short fused and somewhat rude.
Worst service I   ve ever had told em I couldn   t pay at the screen where they have u order and I showed em my receipt and told me to wait cause he seem clueless on what to do didn   t ask for help just stood there and told me my order will be ready and walked away and obviously Ik I still have to pay and ten minutes pass than 15min pass than I   m like are u guys making my food and some lady like u didn   t pay I   m like obviously Tht what I told the last guy and she told me my food wasn ½ï¿½Ewanna get him in trouble
Best McDonald's I've ever been to.  Absolutely best double quarter pounder I've had at a fast food restaurant. I'm beyond impressed with the speed and quality I experienced here. I bit into my burger and thought I was anywhere other than McDonald's.  I was taken back by how great it tasted.
Dining room closes at 7pm.  No self serve beverages.  Don't understand that at all.  The food is still good though, just have to put some ketchup on a Big Mac.   
"Burger patties were served to us rare through the drive through. Both mine and my husband   s. I broke mine in half to show the picture.

Didn   t find out until we got home, unable to go back out now. I tried calling just to let them know this issue may be reoccurring throughout the night but nobody answered the phone. I ½ï¿½ï"
"Update (12-29-2022): I visited this location again around the same time and the food was hot and fresh. Ordered 60 chicken nuggets, 2 fries, 2 large drinks, and 10 apple pies. We had to wait 10 minutes for the pies which is understandable because they take awhile and they don't usually have that many of them just sitting around.

Went pretty late at night (close to 1 AM) and the fries were surprisingly hot and my Shamrock Shake wasn't melted. I did ordered using the app and had zero issues. It was an unusually pleasant McDonald's experience and I will be a repeat customer at this location."
I don't know how you've been called in 24 When I came to 3:30 in the morning it was 3 people in there and they say was close, How does a place advertise 24hr drive thru and only take cash after midnight. I don't see how corporate agreed with this.
Ended with a caramel frap all over my cup holder. My burgers had MC sauce all over it like they dipped it into the sauce. Just be careful I know is fast food but my car ended up super messy after my small meal.
This store is so disorganized, plenty of people working not all that busy yet took 27 minutes to get food. I'm sure this is not the mcDonalds model.
Best and most consistent McDondals in the Bay Area. Their nuggets are always crispy, fries is always hot, and burgers are always juicy.
This McDonald's is always fast and polite and they always get my order right.
Absolutely done with this location, I always seem to get the same woman at the drive-thru I don't know her name but I know her voice and she screws up every single time then when I try and correct her she gets mad and acts like it's my fault. I don't know if she's special needs or something or there's a learning disability or if she's hard of hearing I don't get it. And even lately when I hear it's her I actually make sure to enunciate clearly but it doesn't seem to help. The young man that I occasionally get is always on point he has never messed up an order. I'm guessing she is related to management or has incriminating photos or something. She has absolutely no people skills and I will not go back to this place
"New store technology and modern layout. Hope their food and service are at same level after the remodeling.

They forgot to replace the soda machine! Oh-ohh"
I have just bought two BigMacs, the first one contained no patties at all!
Horrible!! It's cool that this McDonald's is a 24hr restaurant, BUT it's almost midnight with only one other customer and here I am, still waiting over 20+ minutes now!?? How slow can they be!? I can see 4 workers in here but that still don't explain this wait! These workers' sense of urgency is not there at all... Not even moving with any purpose! Maybe that is JUST the "night"... So I hope.
Manager was rude. We asked simple questions about prices and deals and responded with no empathy.
Waited in the dine-in area for about 15 mins for someone to take my order, workers pass by me and saw me and didn't even acknowledge me. Managers also pass by me and didn't even bother to ask if I was helped. Restaurant has ordering machines but there not working so you have to wait for any of the many workers there to acknowledge your existence at the restaurant to make a purchase. Will not be returning to this restaurant ever, rather take my money else where.
This McDonald's is open late, has two lines to order food through drive through. However, the speaker on the one I went to is a little low, and they got my order wrong. Luckily the staff member read back my order before I paid and I was able to correct it before I paid. Food was barely warm but well packed.
Why is show online lite a time open I pay many time then I came here it ½
It claims to be 24 hours but when I stop by at 3:00 and 4 in the morning it's closed the cashier always tells me it's closed
Customer service needs work at this location. I came in during my lunch time to get a simple McChicken and fries and a drink. Stood at the register for about 10 to 12 mins waiting for one of the many employees walking pass me to deliver the orders outside. Once they finally notice me, they took my order. After I waited around another 15 more mins to get my order. I was gonna ask for BBQ sauce but decided I didn't wanna wait an extra 5 mins for that. Overall, this restaurant only prioritize the drive-thru and not the dine-in area. Dine-in area has no cashier available because everyone is focus on drive-thru. So many workers on the front but none on cashier. If your coming here for lunch hour order online or else your lunch hour might turn into only 20 min lunch with all the waiting you'll be doing here.
This one McDonald's I find charging $2 for a large coffee everywhere else it is $1 for any size drink and the reason I go to McDonald's at all is because of the coffee but if they're going to double the price of the coffee then I may as well go to any 7-Eleven so I have to save this one particular McDonald's would not lower the price when I told him that it was $1 everywhere else. Arguing with a customer is not a good idea it would have been a better idea if she would have said I'm going to let it go this time but no they actually try to argue the point and I think that's silly the whole reason that I come there at all is because of the $1 coffee that is fairly good on a one to 10 scale I would say McDonald's coffee is it seven or eight with Starbucks being a 10 especially when they suggest you get the expresso shot that is $4.25 for the large coffee with the extra espresso shot from Starbucks and then there's creamer but that for dollar coffee is four times better than McDonald's one dollar coffee so you get what you pay for I just think McDonald's at that particular Stevens Creek location bites off customers
Late night service is mixed; they reset their registers at arbitrary times and they either are cash only or close the drive thru completely during this time. There seems to be no schedule, just depends on when they think it'll be slow it seems. Those inconsistencies aside, the food and service is typical McDonalds.
Pulled up at 4am. Waited 15 min in drive thru 
Very good as always and all the staff are very friendly specifically the manager Maria Villaviray.
Do not ever go to this McDonald's. One of the most dysfunctional places I've ever seen.
apparently if you ask for 2 cups of water here they will charge you for the 2nd cup  
2nd time ordering a filet o fish meal in this store and it just tastes so bland the fries were cold and hard. Regret spending  my money here.
Items were frequently missed out, but  I get it, these people are slammed with orders, so you can't expect the orders to be 100% accurate everytime. But today, my little one got so mad when she found out her drink and apple slices from her HappyMeal were missing. I mean come on, you order a Happy meal and only get a burger with nothing to drink? (Well at least you managed to put a toy in so thank you for that) Not great! AND we were the only ones in line at that time, so they were not that busy I guess.
Lobby is always closed ,whan it's says is open 24 hrs
If I could, I would give an absolute "thumb's down" to this embarrassing branch of a well-loved fast food franchise. NEVER will I return to it after being treated like a pariah. I was yelled at by the cashier who took the wrong order; and the branch manager threw a box of fries in the bag mumbling as if I was a beggar. In her condescending tone, the latter even warned me that she was doing me favor even though they made a mistake with my order and I did pay full price for it. I think they both need more trainings to acquire the best of American customer service.
"I would have given 5 stars but, the lady (MNGR) that took my order got one item wrong & I did not notice until I was long gone! Also, the COVID headache is pretty much behind us but, for some odd reason this location still has a limited/restricted dining room, even to the point of closing it down completely at 3:00pm everyday! I can understand being cautious & prepared but, to use the pandemic as a way to justify limiting/restricting areas of an establishment  that we as patrons normally use on any normal/regular day is unprofessional, inconvenient & just a way for them to make it easier to keep clean & one less thing to be done when it comes to closing down for the night!
However, though this ranting & raving I am doing in this post, I still get good customer service there when I do go for a quick & easy meal! & Their drive thru is  conveniently open 24 hrours"
That day I brought the kids having activities in South Bay Santa Clara. After the event, I tried to bring the kids to mcd.i went two and they both closed at 6pm. At least the south city mcd dining room opens till 10pm.
Not good the drive thru they cannot manage who go first on the drive thru. And they talking like a frog they cannot hear even you shout. And when your to get the serve look around not doing his job properly
Food hasn   t changed, but the ordering app makes these necessary visits less painful. You still have to deal with those in front of yo
"The food was great with the exception of the fries. They were stale and I would have gone back around and had them replaced, but the guy at the drive-thru window was annoyingly slow and the rest of the food would have been borked. The hamburger made up for it though, did you see the greasy heart attack waiting to happen?

Just an FYI, mobile ordering saved absolutely zero time at this location. We still had to go to the drive-thru and wait and they didn't have anything ready so unless you just like ordering from an app, don't bother.

I would still recommend eating here. YMMV on the staff at any fast food restaurant. Sure this guy was somewhat annoying by being slow but he wasn't intentionally being a jerk or anything."
Not 24 hours. Exposed. Change your hours
The soda machine wasn't functioning so they had to get your drink from the one behind the counter, the self order kiosks were all down, ordering took a little bit longer due to one cashier.
Overall looks like it's falling apart. Ice cream machine broken half the time, mcflurry machine couldn't mix in the Oreos, roof is leaking...
Service was great but the chicken inside sandwiches were really not well. I had bad stomach for almost 3 days
Service is lousy and I tried to call number to complain to manager and no one answers/no voicemail.
No hot mocha in the morning! Why is coffee with chocolate milk so difficult? Simple, fast food Mickey D's. C'mon now.
Bad service, I place order online and want to pick it by curbside, but they said the order isn ½ï
They did not give us straws! we had to go back through the Drive-Thru and wait in a big line of cars... has 2 lanes for ordering and was actually pretty busy. They were a the on the slow site, but we just figured it was all the people coming back to get their straws. other than that it was just your regular McDonald's experience. very grateful it was open though. since covid you don't find to many 24 hrs. locations that still actually stay open all night as hours state. That in itself is a whole different issue and honestly very difficult to figure out without driving down an unlit window on a drive-thru with a sign stating "we're open 24 Hours.." I gave it a 4 because food was warm and fresh, and drinks were on point except luck of a straw.
I have been living in this city for the last 3 years , I took the decision to make a quick stop and get something to eat , wouuu food 5 stars special the coffee,  perfect coffee but the customer service wouuu 1 star is not enough ( the indian lady that I think is the manager ) terrible customer service and she was so rude with this customer that requeted and ketchup ... they really need to improve that...
Friendly service, but sometimes they have young people taking orders that have no manners. Overall, quick and fast for lunch hour**
Given too many chances. I've tried to be polite no matter how rude the staff. Tonight I gave 1 more chance. My order was taken down wrong so I confirmed at the second window before taking the food. The woman was very upset she had to remake it, made it clear with snatching and attitude told me to pull over and when i got my order it was wrong AGAIN. Also took items  and was charged for adding lettuce.
Can you say fast?! Double drive through lane getting stacked, I went in instead. Dining areas closed but clean and safe ordering from counter. The guy on cashier was fast and efficient. I don't need to be treated like I'm spending $1000 so the efficient process works for me. Food was as expected for any McD's..if you have little time and crave the golden arches, this location will have you on your way soon enough.
Worse McDonald's I've been to. I have decided to go a mile further to the Augustine Dr one instead at this point. Constantly slow, missing items or not making them correctly. Ordered for curbside at 8pm, was told restaurant was closed and I need to contact corporate for a refund
Even after confirming my order when paying, I received the wrong sandwich. I went through the drive-thru, so I didn't realize there wit until I got home. I had received a chicken deluxe sandwich instead of a quarter pounder deluxe. Fortunately, it was tasty, and well made, but still disappointing.
This is a typical McDonald's. I ordered a frape and had to wait 10 minutes for it to be prepared. Not impressed.
Can not beat mcdonalds for their quick service and food.  Though their best menu item is still the coffee.
Consistently gets our orders wrong. Including a time when we were complaining to the manager about constant errors and she was adamant that her team doesn't get orders wrong, they handed us the wrong order. Nothing wrong with the food but the staff needs better training.
So much improvement. They're serving good fries now - newly cooked (vs. saggy and felt like microwave warmed before). Curbside pick up was so helpful. We'll comeback!
Friendly staff but fries were stale!  They even took some time to put together my order giving me the appearance that a fresh batch of fries were coming out of the fryer.  I was wrong-they tasted like they were scraped off the floor.  Was here around 9pm last night.
The food and service was good but kind of disappointed as this is the 1st McDonald's I've been to in the south Bay that has completely closed off the bathrooms and customer areas.  I'm sure it's due to pandemic but strange other McDonald's at least have restrooms open for guests
They just be throwing my daughter Happy meal meal in the box I'm not sure if it's me or if it's the people that's working at McDonald's but yeah my daughter is tired of her Happy meal just been thrown in a box it's not a Happy meal it's a throne in a box meal kind of sort of and if you want fresh fries and fresh nuggets you have to ask and it's been several times where I've ordered something and something's missing so I have to make sure you looking your things before you drive completely off from this
This McD has the best prices along Lawrence Expressway. Drive-thru can take up to 20 minutes during peak times. I couldn't get a breakfast deal in the app to complete in time due to the long drive-thru wait. The app wouldn't allow curbside or in-store pickup 10 minutes before breakfast deadline.
The food came quickly and it was hot my sausage bisquick was really good, but the big breakfast came without condiments.We asked for salt, they said it was in the bag but the only thing in the bag was syrup and we didn't order pancakes.
Alright, I am a little apprehensive in saying this, but lately I have eaten at this McDonald's and one other place near my home and #3 meal I order has been tasting noticeably GOOD! I never say to my kids, "wow you have taste this.. here taste it, c'mon take 1 bite and tell me this is good! With that I would like to get some confirmations from others if food has improves in taste or just me. I see myself with a big belly if food taste and/or quality is on the up tick.
I already have low expectations given this is a McDonald   s, but the customer service at this location is amongst the worst I ½ï
"Super sloooow! The shake machine is always broken. Early in the morning the service is almost impossible. Takes forever just to take an order and takes forever to process the order. Ordering ahead with the app saves no time. And if you're lucky, the coffee machine will be working.
You're better off going somewhere else. I will never do business with this McDonalds again!!!  EVER!!"
Night shift crew here is very iffy. Guy in front of me gets served, I get told the place is closed, and then the guy behind gets served. Honestly don't bother with this place. Big waste of time.
One of the worst service, don ½ï¿
When I walked in some dude was walking out with a mean mug. Don't know what happened though. The wait was kind of long but the food was good.... 
Very friendly and professional staff.  Food tastes fresh all the time. i like the fact that they have 2 ordering stations so when its busy you can still get in and out as quickly as possible. every time im in the area i make sure to stop by and get at least a strawberry sundae. the place is worth stopping by to grab a snack/meal.
Great for a quick snack the plaza near it is absolutely amazing they have great stuff over there I would recommend sometimes the staff can be iffy but that ½ï¿
Slow moving and long lines. I wish they had more staff.
Terrible customer service, Employees doesnt even smile or initiate the greeting. Very long drive through up to 30 minutes with just only 1 lane open. If I am a manager, I will never tolerate this long wait time. Drive through is suppose to be for the convenient and time saving but this service is just completely defeat the purpose
Good, fast, food. They are open 24 hours a day which is great if you are working a night shift, graveyard shift or have to go in early in the morning. Their new menu is actually quite good! I do wish the McRib was back in season but, oh well, you can't have it all! Try the Minutemaid Slushies! They are outstanding!
Actually the great suck we didn't have milkshakes and we got shorted a burrito and their night shift is quite rude will not eat there again
"This location is honestly hit or miss, usually employees here tend to be very impatient and rude, very rarely would I see someone who actually has good customer service.
Also they would get my order wrong from time to time..."
I ordered several times from this store but recently last order I made, the burger tasted like someone throw tobacco ash into it. It tasted wired. That ½ï
"I don't like giving low reviews without eating somewhere, but at midnight, seeing the sign on the window saying ""open 24 hours"", we pulled into the parking lot. The lights were dimmed and the drive through was blocked with cones. After leaving the freeway and going out of our way to stop here, they were closed and the sign held a false advertisement. Chances are we may not get the chance to visit when they are actually open, so heed my warning: THIS PLACE IS NOT 24 HOURS!!

Edit: After visiting that night, we tried again a little before midnight and the drive thru was still closed and blocked, and the sign still said open 24 hours."
Never had an issue. They get the orders right, and they are quick and polite.
There is a horribly rude worker here.  I asked to order something and she just gave rude and sarcastic responses the entire time.  I confronted her about it at the window and she didn't seem to care.  Talked to the manager.  He said he would handle it.  Im sure he won't so I contacted corporate and gave my report.  Don't eat here.  They do not care about customer service.
Slow service. No Ice at Breakfast.  Coffee tasted like cleaning solution was not rinsed out.  Hilariously a McDonald's employee was walking around the corner with a peanut butter and jelly sandwich on a plate to eat for their own breakfast. Why no US flag?
Shity customer service, incompetent cashier took over 15 mins to place a single man's dinner order (it was only a big Mac, fries and a drink).  Parking lot was full (extremely small for the volume of customers). Drive thru line was super long and extremely slow.  After I finally got to the window after I paid I had to wait there for 10mins just to be told to pull around and park.  Had to wait another 15-20mins to get my order.
Not rated one star for this McDonald's, they actually happen to be a solid and enthusiastic group of people always willing to ensure your happiness and satisfaction. I just think McDonald's sucks in general. That being said, the staff at this specific restaurant is quite friendly and approachable, and I've never had a bad experience with the food or anything. They're usually quick and the food tends to be accurately prepared. In a world where this distinction mattered, I'd actually call this a really "good" McDonald's, but the significant other is bummed about their removal of garlic fries, and the ice cream machine is hellof broken all the time. Anyway. Bring vegan items to McDonald's.
I come here a lot because I live close by. The staff are really nice people --friendly and open to talk with customers when it's not rush hour. Sometimes I stay here for an hour or two. I watch people come and go. Sometimes it's packed, sometimes it's only me with my family and 1 other person. There are a lot of seats, and there are high chairs for kids. Sucks that they cut out the power outlet a while back though. I must come with fully charged device or a power bank. \(>~<)/
Food was cold and hamburger was not cooked all the way. Ruined my lunch.
I was there at 437 am and was informed that i must wait until t for there 2 for 4 deal. I went back thru the drive through 2 more times once at 445 and once at 454 and was informed again that i had to wait until 5 exactly. Then when i finally got to order thwy also screwed me on a hash brown. They werent polite about anything and made me feel very unwelcomed.
"This McDonalds is hit or miss depending on the staff. Its quick most of the time due to the dual drive through order stations, but that can also work against them and can slow down you getting your food at times to if you get out of order.
They seem to have  great breakfast team, but the dinner team is hit or miss. One day its great and the next time your order is all jacked up. They are normally pretty good with the normal menu items,  its the specialty stuff they jack up, like a Big Mac is Good here but a Grand Mac won't be because they leave off half the sauce or something silly, 5 lbs of lettuce, you get what I mean. Inside tends to be better then drive-through if you have the time."
Food tastes like any other Mc Donald's. There was a short wait. They were out of Diet Coke in both soda fountains. They were also low on ice for the drinks. The dining area needed to be cleaned of all the trash by the soda fountains, tables, and floors.  They were also out of ketchup in the ketchup area by the soda fountains.
I park into the parking lot I see 2 vans full of homeless people's junk. I walked in the MacDonald's bathroom one of the stalls was full of poop. Later I got my food . Was in my car ready to leave then I smelled poop   on my hands. The entrance door had poop from the person's hand. But on the bright side they gave me an extra meal for free. But the cleaning service was not good.
The staff was rude and needs training on their people skills. There was no good morning greeting and when asking about menu options it was like talking to a brick wall. The service was also very slow even though it was not busy.
We enjoyed the food. But not the service, only for the fact we waiting over 20min and this was 8:30pm. My grandson was waiting on his aunt so she can walk with him and his mom &dad for there night walk. He has preschool in the morning.  And he has to be asleep by 9 and in bed by 8:30. So as for this gramas point of view. An apologiey for the wait or here's a free of anything would have been taken in to consideration would have been excepted.  But no nothing from any employee just didn't make me feel McDonald's employee's did there job.
Constantly getting the order wrong on several occasions, poor attitude at pick up... Worked fast food when I was a kid... So easy to do it right and smile to the customer! Unfortunately their manager was the one at pick up!
This McDonald's gets a 3 rating due to their lack of attention to drive thru orders.  Numerous times we get home after a visit to McDonald's and notice the forgot to include apple slices, or apple juice.  I agree these are smaller items and do not effect the price much, however, when you have kids waiting for their orders get very upset and get angry n hurt that these things are missing.  It is very upsetting!  Also, we tend to order a lot of unsweetened ice teas.  8 out of 10 times the tea tastes disgusting!!  It is old tea or the bag doesn't get changed when the make more.  I get so mad that no one seems to care enough to be sure every shift cares to do their job correctly to ensure a high quality in ALL their products.  I have brought these concerns to numerous managers and employees but never get satisfaction that they care and fix the issue!!  It may be ok for a week but happens again or on a different shift.  All emplyees should care enough about their jobs and themselves to do the best they can in all areas of a job performance!!!  Please do your best to inform this McDonald's of these issues and have them retrain and fix these issues.  My sanity and their job performances depend on this!!!  Thank You!!
Took 10 minutes to order food while standing at the counter due to employees just chatting and ignoring me, in plain virw. Ordered a side salad and a yogurt parfait, bother were less then half filled. Overall not good, but eventually got service
Waited ~13 minutes for a simple hot fudge sundae (seems like my order was not placed on their electronic queue). Also pretty understaffed - cashier also dropping fries into fryer and running around doing other tasks.
I like McDonald's McChicken sandwiches and their Sundaes its delicious! I also like the way how they packaged their food Delivery its sealed with a security tape both drinks and food inside a secured paper bag with handles !! Best Fast food well safely secured in these challenging times when Coronavirus is ravaging our population and its health !! All fast food chains should follow McDonald's safety packaging procedures for food packaging deliveries !!
They removed tellers add kiosk which slows down the service. 10 minutes to get a Mcflurry and two cookies..... Mcflurry is small is tiny, cookies are as well. Kitchen floor was dirty. Kitchen crew was understaffed. It won't be sad to see McDonald's decline, I won't be going back to any of them. Rarely ever do won't be hard to put a nail in the coffin.
There is something about the drink here...  One time I ordered Ice Tea and it tasted weird..  I let go of that one time..  And yesterday, I ordered the combo with Coke..  I ate and drank,  the next moment, I had like an "diarrhea" like symptom...  The coke tasted weird too..  I never had a problem like this when I ordered from other Mcdonald..  Last time the Ice Tea tasted bad so I tossed it away..  I only took a sipped that's why I didn't get a diarrhea like symptoms..  But this time I was so thirsty so I consumed half of the drink.
It   s a hit or miss McDonald   s sometimes they have the best customer service and the fries are amazing. Sometimes the guy
Placed our order through the drive thru.  Instead of getting a quarter pounder with my number 2 meal.  I received 2 plain mcgriddles    We get home and order isn't right.  Tried to call and was unable to get through.  Not willing to go back out in the rain.  This has happened 2 other times at this
"Horrible Manager here came for coffee and she started giving me and my family an attitude about $2.00  rude
she had blonde dyed hair and wore glasses older than 50 years old disgrace"
service was okay during drive thru. GET OFF THE PHONE AND PAY ATTENTION WHEN YOUR IN DRIVE THRU. DONT GOT TIME, FOR YOU TO REALIZE THE CAR INFORNT OF YOU IS GONE. I Do not like their drive thru parking either. They should've moved it somewhere else. I went during lunch and they parked every single car and then had only one employee walking out the food. Hmm bad system.
Just about to finish up my big Mac there at McDonald   s and what  do I find the biggest hair I   ve ever seen I know it wasn 
food is ok, just regular McDonald, but the drive thru is insanely back late night. 30+ mins wait time while there are just 3 customers, like how is this acceptable? Soda machine, ice cream machine, or the cashier constantly broke down. After 35 mins when I finally able to get my food, they told me no credit card, like what ? why don't you tell me 35 mins ago? just left right away.
Drive thru was blocked at 1230pm. Had to make a 3 point turn to get out. Not sure why block it when there are cars (placed orders and waiting). Location is a nightmare since under renovation. Parking lot is taken by reno vehicles. Nearby has awkward design...
Very disappointed in McDonald's in today's world. To me McDonald's has really gone downhill is service is the pits. Any employees most of all can use a lot more training I know I used to be the head manager at 556 East El Camino McDonald's and I'm appalled of what it turn into. I know when I was head manager there we always have a store I can just imagine what it is today.
ordered a spicy chicken sandwich with cheese  no pickles. came in some aluminum bag all soggy nasty nsaty nsaty.  never again going there. should have gotten 0 stars
Place is usually not busy but service can be slow, they seem to be understaffed.  Staff The place has really odd seating layout inside but they have seating outside in the shade.  Drive through is usually empty also.  They have assigned mobile order parking.
"- Usually fast service
- Mostly friendly customer service; some people could be more kind
- Quarter pounders always fresh
- Ice cream works 100% times I've ordered"
2 people working, 1 learning how to work, and two cleaning, instead of helping the line of drive thru cars and 8 people waiting inside to place their order. Took a half hour to get two cheese burgers, two fries, and two drinks at 10:30 at night. And that was only half of what we ordered, so we left.
Went through the drive through and failed to check my order before getting on the road. Twice before I have been given the wrong order. How do they do that? Third time's a charm. I am pledging not to go to McD's again.
Not the best quality fast food, but it 
"Freshly fried fries
Order ready quickly
Friendly staff"
You get what you pay for when going to any Mcdonald. This is a busy location 9 times out of 10 there is lines and being a 24hr location they're ice cream machine seems to always be out of order hahah go figure... I feel as if the food has become extremely salty at all McDonald's locations over the years not very good. Found myself not finishing the food I had ordered And still hungry. Go some where better.. If youve read this far, you deserve it.
The two McFlurrys that my party ordered seemed to not be whipped, which was unfortunate. Otherwise, the food was prepared quickly, even though we went during the lunch rush. Parking nearby could be full during lunch.
Probably one of the worst experiences I have had with McD's. 8 to 10 food alarms going off the whole time. The manager was outside smoking, leaving the staff to drown. The girl behind the counter spent more time apologizing to the same people over and over rather then work. Took about 20 mins to get two dollar menu cheeseburgers. Experience left a bad taste in my mouth. Probably won't give a second chance even.
I paid 1 hotcakes and 1 hash brown by drive through behind me couple cars lined up and I waited 5+ min to pick my food last time same order they missed hash brown so i was about to check the items but behind people waiting so I moved my car near by signal I checked hash brown missing again this time I want them to know so I turn and reach same drive through I explained one of the women staff came and ask my bag and she inspect I was not feel good at this point later she ask a male staff and discussing something and looking me like I'm lying ...Bullshit.... who train the business ethics and code of cundect what the #@$%
Disgusting . And they legit took forever to release my order. My mcchicken was made wrong and they had to re make it. All in all, it took about 10 minutes for 3 items of the value menu, never coming here again.  ½ï¿½
I waited a whole hour just for chicken nuggets after i ordered and i didnt even get the sauce for the nuggets. then i had to pay with cash and no one wore gloves or a facial mask.
Yep, five stars.  Not Michelin five stars but best Mickey D's I've been to in a long time.  Fresh Beef Quarter-Pounder is better than I thought it would be... And they're everywhere.
The only thin I can say is they need to stay up to date with the Happy Meal toys they Advertise. My kid comes in super excited to see the stand box with the Advertised toys to somet8being told the doth Have those at this time
Fast but the line always long and sometimes it take so long for one customer. Curbside pickup take longer than drive thru.
Against the background of other burgers, McDonald's is blown away, it's a pity that some of the first guys are now lagging behind.
"I go here a couple of times a day if they are on a roll of making good tasting unsweetened ice tea. Ocassionally I get a snack. They have on their menu pricing for pies. .69 each or 2 for 1.00. When I read pies, I think it is all their pies. Nope. Their ""specialty"" pies are more and when you call them out on it they are rude and don't care. Like the customer is supposed to be able to mind read, pies means only apple pie. It was annoying to be treated so rudely over cold mcd pies. If you leadership is so unhappy maybe they should go somewhere that is a happier place. We all have choices.

There is some good leadership at this store and bad. There is no in between. Take your chances. I mainly go there for the tea....when it's good."
Twice in 6 months I thought I would get ice cream through the drive through. Both times they had no ice cream or yogurt. No sign, stick in long drive through to pick up nothing, not coming back again.
Versus others in the area this place always has trash bins full and rarely tiloilet paper. No changing tables in mens room. Dirty bathroom. Food consistant with others. Very busy but still could be clean.
You knew it! Super cheap and decent menu. Helps feeding many who cannot afford.
WOW WITH GOOD DEALS , & PLUS THE BONUS  REWARDS  
very bad but very bad at night the workers close everything and it's 24 hours the other day ask what time they close and he said the supervisor never closes it's 24 hours surprise he told me he didn't know why they closed until I saw that the manager  One day I get to work and that day they did not close what a coincidence hahahaha very bad these guys put yellow cones at the entrance of the car service woouuuu that bad and that is everyday woouuuu that bad
If you find yourself scratching your ears while inside it might be due to very small bugs that most people can't see or don't think the bugs are bothering their ear. My vision? Better than 20/20 both near and far. Thanks
Drive thru is always fast and on point! I have never gotten a wrong order. Thank you!
This is the closest McDonald   s to me and I go in the am to get coffee and they always have to park me for one coffee and it takes them forever to bring it out to me, they are very slow workers and the managers are rude and don ½ï¿½ï
It's not a junk foods place anymore. They start having healthy menu and I think it's great with the price. You can pick your own bread, type of meat and vegetable. End the menu with Sundae ice cream.
"I am not sure if anyone in the USA would read reviews about McDonald's but here it is anyways.

They are mediocre even by fast food standard. Unless you are really hungry or thirsty always try to avoid it."
They spending millions to renovate all their stores to stay pertinate,while selling smaller portions of their fattining foods and raising their prices to pay for making the place look modern,anybody else notice that McDonald's has gotten way more expensive,taken alot of stuff away from what used to be the dollar menu,and took away alot of the all day breakfast
Typical McD's but did look a bit more modernized.  The lady taking orders was nice. Plenty of parking and drive thru line was organized. Good amt of mobile order parking as well.
Open late actually 10/10 quality of life improvement moving here
went there on new years eve around 2 am ..crowded very much and the queue was not moving for the next 30 minutes. they did not had enough staff. left with hunger stomach. They should have atleast informed us that there is going to be a waiting time . 4 ppl before us and the queue never moved for 30 minutes was surprising.
Ordered a number 15 (chicken nugget) meal for $6.50. They somehow didn't get the fries part and only thought I ordered nuggets and drink (wtf?), even though I had made it very clear that I ordered the meal. Then they tried to charge me an ADDITIONAL $1 for the fries which would have put the total cost OVER the actual price of the meal. I wasn't having any of that bullsh*t and I guess they realized how ridiculous they were being, because they relented pretty quickly and handed over the fries.
Good ol micky D's same thing as usual nothing really changes but one thing this I've been going to this location for quite a while every morning order same thing a LARGE ICE HAZELNUT and a MED REG COFFEE  with a few fixings added most of the employees know me on a HELLO basis same for two MANAGERS there they see ME in line they make eye contact with me I shake my head get to the counter Cashier ask me the USUAL SUR i say yes and BLAM there's my two morning favorites so i go every day just to see great EMPLOYEES of this location  ½ï
It was great the view was from where i sat was the  entrance door. From where she sat was the soda machine. In the middle was the order line. We sat at a table that was designed for people in the order line waiting to order  to look back some look straifht on and see you eating. Why? So they can get humgrier? They already hungry. Its probably because if your a kid eating a happy meal and they have toy there gonna want one too so you tell your parents you want one too. Or I whatever there eating they want to eat too because they are too lazy to look at the menu. Thats too much work. So the put a table for people to view where are eating. It menu ideas and advertisement.
They had everyone wait in an extremely long line at the drive thru just to tell us it was cash only. Which should absolutely not be a thing at a McDonalds. We then had to continue waiting in line since there was no way out.
Pathetic customer service, never attends customer queries over phone. It says its open24 hours, but in multiple occasions cancelled the orders placed via delivery apps citing that the restaurant is not accepting orders.
Lady placing the orders is super nice. The crew making the food complete morons. Mixwd up order and put wrong condiments on wrong one. Its like they just tossed it together. Not tomention there is no way it'll pass wights and measurmentz. I expect competence.  Which is clearly lacking here.
"Be a Careful with this Store
He charged me $1.39 + tax for a coffee. I remained him about McDonald's coffee price ($1.09+tax). But he said no & I back to my car, took more money then paid. (Store no. 4324, receipt 300, date feb.22/16 mon. 20:25)"
I went to use the restroom here, and the toilet was all full of **** so I told the manager about it. They sent a guy to clean it and I kid you not after he was done he did not wash his hands. I would not be surprised if this McDonalds will get an E.Coli outbreak
It opens 24/7 and it's very close to where I live. I usually order from drive through. They put sugar in my coffee when I ordered black coffee. This was their only mistake I have experienced.
They say they are open 24-7 but they are closed everyday between 3am-4:30am
It's fast, it's food, it's cheap. It could be better, it could be faster, it could be cheaper, but it's familiar food, and it's never terrible food, sometimes it is even good food. So if you need reasonable quality food quickly and cheaply McDonald's is your place.
"Standard McDonalds.
But what was going on with the restrooms? Only two available and one is permanently closed. The other one is a favorite place for the homeless people in ten area as it seems. Two of them spend there 30+ mins. No chance to get in."
"Sorry but breakfast sandwich was not fresh It was hard bread and as slow as it was on a Sunday  morning everything should of been made  fresh sad I
will not stop at this location again"
slowest mcdonalds I've been. Waited for 30 min. Think they are short in staff or either the staff is sleeping
Every time I come to this one, they are closed. I even ordered something through the app and they still turned me away. Need to change hours online from 24hrs to closed from 3-4AM!!!!!
The food that McDonald's is not food in my opinion and no one should eat fast food of any kind. Now that is my opinion. But the breakfast sandwiches are great especially with egg
The clerk is not responsive, she doesn't have any reaction when we order. Silent for a while.
Worst service ever. Waited over 40 minutes in drive thru. Only to get cold food. Never will i go there again. Horrible service. I would have given 0 stars if I could.
Contrary to the google page, this place is NOT open 24 hours. Cut off time is 2am.
Ordered a big mac for the first time in 20 years.  Very disappointed because there was not enough thousand island dressing in my burger.  This will be the last time that I will be eating at McDonald's.
Vegetarians like me don't have many options in McDonald's for the breakdown menu. Hence taking away 1 star.
!! Fraud location !! !!!Fraud location !!!, the manager told us they have different policy for this location they don't work any more with the corporate , I am really worried about What's This now , they said they only respect the online ordering coupons if ur ordering at drive thru ( in photo ) the manager given us , health department must check this location carefully bcoz something is fishy here .. or Macdonald corporate MUST HAVE A CHECK On them URGENTLY, avoid it
Good service here and prices were affordable. Always love me some fries and the Big Mac. Mocha frappe is yummy.
Made me wait in the drive through overflow parking, messed up half my order. I should have checked but I wanted to leave by then.
"Under construction, had drive-through only, and somehow ""didn't have water."" McDonald's makes the worst breakfast sandwiches, but that's not particular to this location.

Only pro is open 24 hours."
It's just another McDonald's lol standard food and look, no play house update 5-1-20 renovated new touch screen ordering. Improved
app glitches out and they made pay extra for what I order through the app because the deal didn't apply anymore
Not the best McDonald   s. Service was fairly slow for not being too busy, and my order was given to go e
Bestest McDonald's eva
Definitely the best McDonald's in the area. Drive thru is usually fast and efficient. Food is usually fresh though I did get really bad mcnuggets once. I'm a regular here.
The drive through at this location is typically fast. Parking to dine in can be difficult due to drive through lines. Better than the average MacDonald's.
Like always very pleasing but the area outdoor can use some tidying.. Staff great
Waited 15 mins in the Reserved for Drive thru spot for my very simple order, and they missed two of the items that I've ordered and paid... Speechless
What kind of McDonald's only open till 7:00 p.m. for dining room
I've gone to this location a few times and my fries and limo every dang time. Nuggets were fresh, but fries were a waste of money.
Fast service fries were fresh, not like other mcdonalds were they use the same oil for days.
This is a very welcoming place. They remember their customers and their regular orders. They are mostly ready with my order before I even pay them
"I am just wondering why so many people writing reviews for a McDonald... Are they all the same everywhere? And who has not taste a McDonald before?

So do not expect it to be as good as a decent restaurant, but it will do when you are hungry."
Wanted to go thru the drive thru. But it was closed. Had to go inside very crowded. And slow. First i went to the other mcds. Up the street on lakeside. Went inside and they said were closed caused of understaffed. All these mcds. R getting very awful on service.
"I waited in the curbside parking for 15 mins.no one delivered the order.i had to go to drive thru ,stand beyond 10 cars and had to pick up the order.

Very pathetic customer service.

I will never visit again"
this place has the best shamrock shakes if you go during March the shamrock shakes are amazing it's really affordable just kidding that's why it's actually pretty expensive cause it's so good but you won't regret purchasing a shamrock shake
Worst McDonald 
It's a McDonalds. They are all pretty similar. But, the bathrooms are clean and the staff is friendly. I find it interesting that they removed the charging stations. But, once again... McDonalds, not Starbucks.
I have gone to this McDonalds twice and it has taken at least 15 minutes to get my order. Granted both times were after midnight but this location stays open 24 hours and even late night should not take longer than 5minutes. Worst McDonalds ever!
service pretty good for McDonald's. I find myself going out of the way for their drive thru coz their order accuracy is on point!
Nice place for food and a peaceful place for some rest during a ling drive
Went there late at night. The food was good and hot. The people working the shift were very polite.
Service good,tables extremely dirty..not enough employees to come out from back counter to even help wipe down
I love the sausage Mcmuffin
New Morning crew SUCKS! Just went there this morning 9/26/13 8:20am through the drive-thru waited at the second terminal as three cars went passed on the left. So I move forward without placing my order. The girl at the first window told me I should have waited in stead of saying I am sorry how can I help you.
I went drive thru I keep saying hello no one is answering me so I decided to go all the way to the first window to ask why isn't working but the guy is ignoring me he already saw me stopped at his window waving honk my horn so I have to go around again to use the other window to order the when I got to his window to pay I asked him..he said I have to wait cause its not working he can only take one customer..they should have just closed it so no one will go thru there..bad service not very accommodating..ignoring customer when they need help..
Not a lot of options to pick from but generally it was good. Fast service for drive through.
Good coffee late at night and honestly I go at McDonald's late at night just cuz I can't sleep and let me tell you it's really nice I mean if there is one business that really cares about having decent service late at night McDonald's would be it and I'm really glad that just about everywhere
Great! I'm counting calories  and the calorie content of various foods is clearly posted on the menu board. Very convenient.
The best thing about this place is that it is open 24x7. But then they are slow at times also for the drive through, so I recommend to have enough time in hand.
They did not answer the phone even though I was trying to report an urgent safety issue happening on their property. Who knows whether any of them even knows where this phone is located.
Very polite drive thru folks and very efficient and prompt service.
Customer Service is a hit or miss. Last time i ate there i got sick. So now i see why i stopped eating fast food like this..
"Fast and friendly service
These women can make sure your getting all that you order"
Fish sandwich was cold and French vanilla latte tasted horrible when I went at about 1am
Understaffed!! I had to wait 20 minutes in the drive thru and another 25 parked in line just for a mcgriddle. Seriously?? Oh and "jasmine' has a terrible attitude
I give 2 stars out of five because the ice cream machine wasn't broken twice out of the last five times I came to get ice cream.
Food was ok but management decided to start yelling at ine another and cursing. Made my daily dinner visit very uncomfortable. To the point of not returning. At 6pm on 4-11-16
This place has that usual McDonald   s quality. Which isnï¿½ï¿½
No smoking in the outside seating is not enforced by the manager. In fact I saw an employee hanging over into the dining area to smoke as well.
Sold a "McFlurry" then delivered an un-blended pile of ice cream topped with crumbs.
Night staff is usually the best.. making fresher food . Even if waits exceed normal.. afternoon staff needs help .
Would have appreciated more of that awesome sauce on my 20-piece nuggets, but great experience overall.
They   ve the 
"Super fast service.
Need clean tables and surrounded area."
Me and my friends went to get a quick snack in the drive thru, we waited for more than 30 minutes to get our food
Staff is slow, especially at drive thru. Drive thru orders almost always wrong.  Bathrooms always out of toilet paper. Majority of customers coming to this location are rude.
Went in and the cashier didn't want to take my order she wanted me to do it for her when the restaurant was not busy at all this type of behavior is unexpected in the workforce
Im lactose intolerant and  i asked for 2 sausage burritos with no cheese and they gave me one without cheese and other one with cheese. This is no fun.
Long waiting !!! Never ever come in drive thru... more thn 30 mins still in line ... there is no discussion regarding food bcos it's mc dddd
McD is best value for coffee. I tried the Big Breakfast plus coffee for $5.11, and felt that I got a great value.
What's the say about McDonald's wherever you go by McDonald's to default favorite True Value Meal service is always good and the food quality is always good it's not for me the price is right
This McDonald's is almost always busy.  While it's not the quickest, the staff here are always friendly and there are excellent deals waiting in the McDonald's app.
Awhile back I made a bad review but since then major improvements to the restaurant and the service have been made. Solid McDonalds
This McDonald,    ½deserves all the stars for having a sen
Sometimes some employee doesn't pay attention and been standing there but no one is  coming  to help..sometimes it shows attitude too
This location was fast, accurate, and super friendly. Will come back in the future.
I ordered a coffee through drive-through this morning.  What I got is a cup of water!
Drive thru was great and the person that took the order is nice and friendly
I had to wait 20 minutes for my order they were to busy doing the drive threw rhan the customers inside not enough help
Breakfast crew were very scattered and inefficient. Overheard multiple confused orders. Took two people to pour coffees and refill pots! Lots of yelling behind the counter!
Staff we not communicating with eachother. I think their register was down and they missed a couple of our items and they both seemed really stressed and annoyed.
The filet o fish was fresh. Hot with a crispy rust, soft on the inside!
They were out of chicken nuggets, there was no ice in the soda machine, and there was a bean in our big mac... Does McDonald's even have anyrbing with beans in it? ½ï¿½
Had a large order and the staff got the food out quickly and even bundled items together to create meals to save us money!
Food comes out quick and the food came out warm. too much traffic in the drive thru however
Quality of the food is lower, and prices are a bit higher. Thank you Joe Biden.
Well it's a McDonald's It's food about the highest quality not the best ingredients but it's food
Just like any McDonald's  no trill the employees can be  jackass to some people.
Always download the app and get the deals there! The best!
Rude drive through operator.
This McDonald's is super clean and the staff is very friendly!!
Kiosh not available for use.  Otherwise your usual experience.
Unfortunately there are not many salad selections if you're trying to eat healthier.
How does a place advertise 24hr drive thru and only take cash after midnight. I don't see how corporate agreed with this.
It Can Get Busy At Times....But It's Way Better Than It Used 2 B B4 The Remodle....This Is The Mickey Dees 2 Go 2 That's 4 Sure
Waited 20 min for my order, fries was cold and hard. Very disappointed and dissatisfied..
Not busy, but slow service. Very unkept restaurant, garbage scattered, and fountain drinks/ice depleted.
Consistently the best McDonald's I've ever been to my hat is off to the ownership and management team of this location by far best McDonald's ever
I used, to go here before. I was from this town. The quality. This is: good eating.
They discriminate against vegetarians charge more than any other McDonald's for no meat on breakfast sandwiches. Make you pay for meat you are not eating!
Two times in a row they messed up my order (drive through). I only found out when I got homeï¿½
Take too long to wait (12+ minutes) for curb side orders.
Great location! Always been good service.
McRib came out really well crafted. No complaints, service was average.
Have a drive through though it's typically faster to just go inside. Car lines can be a bit slow.
Service is fast and the always correct. Not much more you can ask for from a McDonald's
Had to wait 10 minutes on the side waiting for a Quarter Pounder all the while the other bag was getting cold....not happy.
Didn't have what I wanted which was mcgruddle patty in my area they sale it all day here they don't. They should everywhere.
Eh it's McDonald's, fries are good, sodas are priced right and the new double cheese burger is actially pretty good - for McDonald's.
Yes- i took a moment to rate a Mc Donalds. This is the one closest to my house and I have to say everyone is consistently courteous and professional so I want to recognize that
Burgers were good but the fries were cold and they almost forgot one of our sandwiches
Beautiful bathroom. Very clean. Ice cream was tasty.
No tomato ketchup for fries and no bbq sauce for chicken nuggets. Problem with the order. Not a happy camper :(
This place has been consistently providing great food and the staff are friendly.
Terrible customer service, insane wait times, parking lot is way too cramped for how many people come in.  Drive thru almost always has you park around the corner and wait more.
Three separate times we've been there they screwed up the order.  Forgot something every time.  Losers...
False advertisement open 24hr..They close at night all the time 
Recently renovated, with self ordering kiosks inside, guest WiFi, Uber eats parking, and dependable food.
It's McDonald's but the staff here is nice, it's clean, and the service is generally very fast.
The worse mcdonalds ive ever been to..i waited in line for 15 minutes and to top it off the customer service sucked because the lady at the window was so rude i left.
My kids love this place and the food is always fresh and tasty.
Drive through again didn't get the Sausage Egg McMuffin Right.... Third or fourth time. Probably should go inside.
The chicken patty taste old not fresh. But over all good place to eat.
Always old tasting fries and hard buns. I don't expect McDonald's to be anything super, but this is noticeably disgusting
Breakfast is always good at Mc dee's the coffee wow don't need a redbull.
Sketchy late at night. Cash only and no receipts.
There is no lunch today. very bad.
I get good service the employees are friendly this is the way it should always be.
A good location. Very crowded and the service is slow. The Wi-Fi is good. Clean.
I went to this place and asked for an ice cream, and he is like we don   t have ice cream,
This McDonald's is pretty fast. Food the same as all the rest.
Forgot out 10 piece nuggets in the drive thru but otherwise good.
Restaurant is clean and nice. Staff is friendly. Food is McDonald's food. Good fast food.
Nice people, good service. I recommend the oatmeal or chocolate chip cookies, yum!
Took half an hour to just get 4 piece tenders employees standing and joking around with each other
Most stores have been updated in appearance.... a few have also vastly improved service toom
Bad service, and take FOREVER. Slowest Ive been to. This time it was because the guy was calling the wrong number for my order..
McDonald's just have the best fries no matter what time of day you go. No matter which chain you go to it is still the best
Big Breakfast w/ Hotcakes, Large Coffee 3 and 3, Apple pies if I want some consolation.
Service was awful didn't understand my order
Great customer service in morning, I don't know her name but the black girl was so nice
I dried going to this place. This place messes up more times than getting it right. Bad MD.
Great prices and good food but no vegetarian options yet.
Speedy and quick turnaround.  Decent food, but sometimes forget to specialize orders.
Quick service. Hot food. Order correct at drive through.
Very friendly and quick curb side pickup
Quick as expected and staff was courteous. Food was hot when delivered.
As usual good.Thanks for your professional service and excellent breakfast
wait for an hour in drive through path. And cash only finally, I waste one hour here!
"Drive though ,
1. One meal was missing burger.
2. bad potato in one of the fry.
3. Slow delivery compare to other mcdonals"
Probably the worst run mcdonalds Ive been to in a long time. Workers are sloppy and food comes out crazy slow.
Only because of the lack of training is why only did one     ½. So much n
Stopped for breakfast. It's good, pretty fast. Love the iced mocha lattes.
They never get my order right. The service sucks
Don't go there. There's a European guy who's very mean to customers and he's the worst human being I've ever met.
I don't know why but I love McDonald's and their small burgers..
Good drive thru. Has napkins accessible. Corporate branch.
mf wasted my time saying open 24/7 bt they are closed.
Good option to just drive in.. My kid really like Happy Meal. Value for money.
Our order was right, but we had to pull forward and wait, and there was a general feeling of disorder.
Always decent service and speedy.  Never had any issues.
This locations food hits just a little different, "in a good way"
Well it's McDonald's food was hot and but as usual you can't tell what you're saying because they're all foreign
Rubish fires.. 2 mins after they were cold and tasted like soap for some reason
Great customer service. Food was also hot and fresh
Order was wrong
Drive thru, no waiting time
Two for 5$ Deal on quarter pounders with cheese. But .... $3.45 for a large fry ?   Crazy !
Clean place, and not too crowded. Their personal is friendly.
My daughter is addicted to McChickens an I'm lovn the berry frozen drink by minute maid (new)
Really slow services for late night. Drive thur was so slow. They wanted me to park for a soda. I refused.
Workers were not friendly. They picked and chose who to serve. Some were told that the lobby was closed and some were served.
24 hours cash only at night..good fresh coffee
Love the quarter pounder deluxe. As usual fries always consistent.
They keep messing up my order but what did u expect its McDonald's
MacDonald'still relies on fat and high glycemic carbs to make the food palatable
Good and fast service
Fast service with 2 drive thru lines
Breakfast was not hot enough, hate warm hash brown sausage etc....It's getting worst and slop by the day and EXPENSIVE
so have cit out all fast food from my diet..bit on cheat days...big Macs and fries are my go to meal!
McDonalds always good, very quick with food.
"Bathroom floor  all wet toilet leaking  constantly  also  no toilet paper

Also very dirty

District manager needs to see this place  :("
Hot and tasty. McChicken and small fries, $3.04. Did the job for a snack.
Drive thru is closed!   There 
The bro at the counter is really helpful and polite. Five star service!
My kids love this branch. Good service!
Amazingly fast service.  One of the best I've ever encountered.
Busy place.  Long drive thru line.  Food was okay.
Food always hot staff cool place always clean
Awful place. Really. Bad service and everything is dirty and stinks
Very clean location. The service is fast. It is run very well.
Busy area but quick , effective drive- thru.
"Terrible...........

Avoid this McDonald's. Terrible service, incorrect bill charges. Just a bad experience."
hated it we had to wait for food and then when we got home and looked at our food my bigmac that i order with no lettuce had no cheese instead of no lettuce
Could not find our order came out 6 times
The manager was very very helpful she was absolutely wonderful
A bit slow during the dinner rush
Lobby is much quicker than the drive thru
Got food poisoning from breakfast. Rude service inside the dining room.
I've been coming to this McDonald's for so long. And it's always dirty. Tables are all dirty.
If you eat here more than 80% of the time your food will be wrong or cold.
Love the original style...great location & good service
Fast food , when there is nothing else open late night
Cheap food but burgers taste so genero.
"Your topical neighborhood Fast Food Place,
The outdoors sitting is a nice hang out place."
It's always clean and the service is prompt and with smiles.
Good mcd's. Fast service, consistent food.
I cant remember the last time i had fresh french fries.
Ever time i come here on lunch i end up spending 30min waiting for my food
I love the breakfast:)
Clean and fast but no drive thru
Fast and friendly and the order was done accurately
"Drive thru order almost
wrong..The lady at speaker was so rude"
Great coffee. Great deals with the mcdonald's app!
They get the drive thru wrong Moody of the time
No answer phono
Fast and friendly service with plenty of handicapped parking places.
That  place is expensive $3.00+ for large iced coffee.  I'd rather go to 7-11 store
Clean and not too busy McDonald's. Maybe the competition is keeping them in check
Its fast food...what do you expect
Meh. Not enough staff to serve the busy morning rush.
It ½ï
Very Limited parking for big rigs 28 Footers okay
Milkshake never works main reason I go there shamrock shakes never have it
I am visiting here everyweek. Not clean area but fast service
I went to McDonald's and wow,I saw workers doing swirls on ice cream cones!
Clean inside lobby and restrooms, nice outdoor sitting area
"Too much tarter sauce on fish fillet
Cheeseburger buns hard & stale"
I don   t know. 
Service at these store is very bad and they get wrong order and
EXCELLENT CUSTOMER FRIENDLY SERVICE...
Every time I come here, something is wrong with their payment system or one of their machines is broken
Typical McDonalds. Comfort food as you like it for real cheap!
Card machine was out of service. Needed to pay cash and slow.
This is just like any other McD's nothing special.
Need to update the menu because it's missing the breakfast items and the numbers. Other than that it's McDonald's!
Homeless people sleeping near the entrance way/Management didn't seem to care.
They  didn't  put  in my  chisburger  cheese  and meat
Under construction for now. Only accept drive-thru.
Burgers are better now, the fry's are still great
Slow service. Wrong order
Super clean and "fast" fast food restaurant.
My familiy love's this place for breakfast
Good coffee and good breakfast to star a good day
Disappointing service. Took forever to get a simple meal.
This is an expensive McDonaldï¿½ï
Fast employees very nice
Typical Micky D's!  Inattentive service, Luke warm burger and cold french fries.
I went to get some dollar items which they did not have.
When it's 2 for 5$ I'm happy..
Under construction, best to avoid until it is finished.
Delivery speed is not quick for drive through.
The best food ever and best worker named ally
Poor service, rude attitude
its fast food but slow you now
"It's as if I was at HOME..
Very pleasant..."
I love McDonald's coffee. It's hot reasonable.
Always good for a quick bite to eat.
The McD's on Augustine Dr. is much better.
I tried the signature smokehouse, premium flavors
Stopped for some fast food.
good food, nice associates
I mean, its micky d's.  Good stuff
they take the fast out of fast food
Undergoing renovations. This is corporate location not franchisee
Long wait time for online orders
No lids or peanuts or whip cream for the Sundaes  ½ï¿½ï¿½ï
Costs about 80 cents more than other McDonald's
Its a McDonald's - no complaints!
Sitting on the patio makes my day perfect!
It's Mcdonalds,what else is there to say.
It was very good thank you
Consistent great food from the double arches
"Garlic fries we're awful!!!
STONE COLD!
FOOD COLD OFTEN!!
YUCK! ½ï¿½"
The service is so decent and speedy.
Good. Food is always consistent
Under staffed, line wrapped around the block and didn't move.
Online orders are not honoured here
What can I say. I'm loving it
Very clean
I always like their coffee :)
A decent McDonald's. A little outdated, but open 24 hours which is a plus.
So fast. So tasty.
I hope every meal is a happy one!
Promotion mobile coupon s are great.
Slow and order was wrong several times.
Chicken nuggets are the best same with the fries.
Service was fast and food hot
It's McDonals. It's what it is. Good staff though!
Good people,  good service
No longer open to walk ins 24hrs
Very busy place. But ok.
Eh. Good When You're On The Road.
Clean.. But soda machine out of order.
Never get your order right.
Always good. Very clean
Always quick at the drive-up
This place great local hang out
Good after renovation
Stopped serving all day breakfast.
good curbside pickup experience
Poor customer service.
Under construction. No drive thru.
Not too bad for McDonald's.
For a lunch on the go - not too shabby of a place
Love me some McDonald's!
If you are hungry after exercise.. haha
Decent area and good service.
It's okay could be better..
Dirty... Service is really not there.
Very hot food and nice
Good location, very clean!
Big Macs not what they once were
Good food. Good service.
Always provides best food
Close to work, fast and easy  
Cheap food. Make sure you get a straw
Well maintained, corporate owned
Nice service.
Burgers too small, but thats almost everywhere
Very good food and service
Good store
Unorganized- get it together Mc D's!
Not 24 hours. Closed at 3am?
Food was  cold  rude staff
Decent McDonald's Clean and fast
Reliable McDonald with drive-in facility.
Good food, fast services
Wifey  cravings  .. her favorite  McDonald's
They need more workers here
24 hours dine in .... That's what I like
Fast service.. Okay maintenance..
It's not open 24 hours!
Got cold fries one day
Good and timely service.
Great ! Something new fresh
Exactly what you expect and nothing else.
It's a McDonald's. Exactly as you would expect...
No frills, friendly to everyone
Good fast service
Greta place  good people
Clean fast and friendly
Great customer service.
Great customer service!
Friendly staff, food as expected
Easy to access and nice place
Got my order wrong
No leadership to teach how to run business!!!!!!
Fast and courteous service
Shake machine seems to be always out
Like their southwestern salad
NO TOILET PAPER. WHEN I WENT. BAD BAD ½ï
McDonald's uses Uber Eats
Good service!
Cold food slow service
It's McDonald's... lol what am I supposed to say?
Really fast service
Good for quick bite!
It's McDonald's, a classic, what's not to love!
Open Thanksgiving, open Christmas. Bam.
I love the chicken choices
Not bad
Best food
ýýý
Always fresh... thanks
Frech fries is the best.
No open 24hs as promised
Quick service
cold food
Delicious mmmmy favorite
Hi tech people from silicone valley
Good & friendly folks.
All time classic
Oooh the bathroom has a mirror
Same as any other McDonald's.
Always clean restroom
regular fast food chain restaurant
Omg so gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood
It's mcdees, what the can you add
why you guys always forget items after the ordering???????????
it is what it is. not gourmet but that's not expected
Just a glorified playground for children
The kids like nuggets.
Fast and edible, as expected.
Take out brunch
I go to McDonlalds Everyday!!!
Excellent service!
Professional staff.  Clean restroom.
Good but dry
Very kind and polite
It's good
It's a McDonald's. Just like the other million.
Life saver at night time
Nice clean place
Tis a Mcdonald's, what more can you ask for.
Just ok
Ok place
Hot and yummy
Ok long wait.
Ice cream machine broke
Too many mistakes here
Service isn't that good
It's ok
I love mcdonalds
It's ok
Good food for fast food
Not a family restaurant.
Too slow
It's ok
Fresh, polite, and fast
The food is good
Consistently good
Fast good people
Ok
Coffee id good
Fast service
To fast
Good fast food
I like breakfast here
24 hours service
Your a salad at driver in
Great service.
Same old McDonald's.
Fast and easy
Good price
It's food i guess.
Quick and accurate!
Fast and tasty
It's open 24hrs
Decent Chicken Tenders
Fast service..
Friendly place to hangout
Fry's!
Great!
Unfriendly, small cone
They are tryingï¿½ï
Fast and hot food!
I'm loving it
Ok service
Good
friendly service
Good
Hot and fast
Good service
Umm umm Delicious
Great!!
Good
Service excellent
Ok
Ok
Clean and fast
Good for everyone
Quick and accurate.
Great service
Yuck
Upgrade the restaurant
Bad Service.
Slow as molasses!!
open at midnight.
Expensive garbage.
Good
Matt is cool
Fastfood
Nice
Reliable
Awesome as always
Gotta love it
Goodness
Quick
Good management
Nice
Good
Solid
Its mcdonalds... Enough said
Great crew
Fast
Great
awesome
Awesome service
Also great
Great
Love McDonaldï¿½ï
Good
Fast courteous
Just another M.
Friendly staff
Good
Great place
Good place
Rude
Good place
friendly staff
Very Clean
Good  place
Slow as death.
Nice place
Same
Yum
Just dirty
Busy place
Sucks
OK
Same as always
Typical McDonald's
Hit or miss
Excellent 
It  is what it is
Kinda seedy
It's McDonalds.
Hey is McDonald's
Basic McDonald's
Overpriced
It's McDonald's.
Its McDonald's
It's a McDonald's
It's McDonald's
Just McDonald
McDonalds.
"It's a famous chain fast food.
Try to see if there is a difference with Korea
Personally, it tasted better than Korea."
"For the first time, I noticed that drinks can be refilled freely.
It was hard to tell where the tomato ketchup came out.
2019/02/19 Ordered an egg McMuffin. Same taste all over the world."
"Due to the corona virus, we are only doing takeout.
I used to do a drive-thru.
A service where you can order on the app and pick it up at the counter seems convenient.
It's a pity that my phone doesn't support itï¿½ï"
I ordered a large cheeseburger and got two cheeseburgers!
They walk as if asleep, the cashier didn't even know what he was buying and for me they badly cooked the meat with all the paper and they gave it to me, you can't imagine how disgusted it gave me
Mmmm, their breakfast Eggs, bacon and cheese biscuit are delicious. For that you get a hash brown and coffee.
Because the manager and her cats are abusive liars and I tell them because this lady is a discriminator despite the fact that she is a Mexican who when they have a little puss they think they are duos
Very bad service, almost every time I go they tell me to wait and they take too long to deliver my things ï¿½ï
Terrible place, even though it's 5 minutes from my house, I'll never go to that place again. I'd rather go to the next McDonald's, even if it's a little further away, but they know how to serve their customers there
I like it     ½
McDonald's is McDonald's everywhere in the world. In the US it's even more junk.
Very kind. And fast. And the place is very clean
Simply tasty and sweet.
35 minutes in line just to order, the line was all the way to the parking lot  ½ï¿
Little took but worth it
Very good attention and excellent service ï¿½ï
They give you the wrong orders and they charge you more
Very bad service and they last from birth to serve one
What do you think my hamburger went against the receipt of the order, what do you think?
It tastes like the one in Taiwan
Good service and above all fast
Better than those of Mexico, good quality of meat
Good attention and fast
My fast and aoratibo place
Very good service
Why do you attend quickly?
Good service
Good service
Excellent to rest.
The food is not expensive and it is fast.
the taste we know
Eh
Well
ýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýý
ýýýýýýýýýýýý ýýý
there is no good service
Good 
Best McDonald's in California!!!!
Well attended
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Poor 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
good place
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Devil
Fast
great food
Excellent 
Poor 
Caca popoo
Chingones.breakfasts
Good 
Excellent 
Eh
good breakfast
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Poor 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Poor 
Neutral
Terrible
Good 
Neutral
Poor 
Terrible
Terrible
Good 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Terrible
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
"Visit this place as it is close to my house. Everything is well organized and quick service. The staff are also very friendly. And the place is pleasant and clean.
Will definitely recommend it.
And also it's open 24 hours which is even better and also it has drive through.
I will be coming often every week."
Please do not waste your time or money going to this store. They are ripping people off
A friend and I placed two separate mobile orders for drive through and theses two female employees are refusing to give us our orders because it didn   t go through supposedly so we show them a receipt. They gave my friend his food, but they were refusing to give him his drink and my food. These to employees gave us a hard time calling us names in Spanish which we could understand what they said. We go to this McDonald   s quite often and never had a problem until today they insult us and being rude for their mistake and not paying attention thankfull
Pulled up to the drive through. Never got anyone to take my order. Car pulls into other com spot instantly get order taken. I wait some more a second and third car goes through the order. I sat there 3 or 4 minutes and 3 cars on the other side before I pulled away. Never had this problem at this before and I go here once a week bc I work down the road. But I will not return because it's nonsense. The car before me in that lane got there order through no problem.
Did drive through because of time of day (5:30am). Got the Sausage Egg McMuffin with decaf coffee. Window drive through ladies were very pleasant and polite...even brewed fresh decaf for us!!  ½ï
There "service" today was terrible. The menu displayed was not even available so when ordering from it you were told to order something else they never came to the window to collect the money after waiting in line for 10 minutes at window one simply to pay for my order I ended up driving away. If your not staff for a 24 hour business close at night.
One of my favorites places for gatherings and quick bites. They are quick, great customer service and excellent teamwork atmosphere. Keep the good work.  
I hate this location more and more. I come atleast 3x a week for breakfast between 5-7am. Today the system is    down    they are not taking cards or the app. Cash only and no receipts also my change is short but since there is no receipt what can I do? 90% 
"Worst experience at McDonald   s
Lady was so sarcastic and rude.
Not to mention she looked super unprofessional.
Super rude service at speaker and worse at the window.
She realized I was upset over the terrible service and has the audacity to say    you having a bad day?   
I really tried not to argue and fight over some ignorant person being miserable over their job getting paid $10 so I said
   Im great   
I ask for the price because she never told me it and she sucked her teeth rolled and her eyes at me and told me it.
And then charged me.

She was giving me this nasty death stare like I l cause I used to work for McDonald   s. Every quarter meat is cooked to order, the McDonald   s was empty "
Terrible! Ordered an artisan grilled chicken sandwich and this is what I got. Old soggy lettuce. So that tells me the person preparing the sandwich just didnt care or that this restaurant does not care about keeping fresh items in their kitchen. $8 for this meal to get home just to throw out this sorry excuse for a sandwich. And this was after I had to go BACK through the drive through a second time because my son's happy meal was missing the fries. I mean isn't there a screen that shows what should go in the bags before handing to the customer? And after the second time through I got home to that trash sandwich and they also forgot the sauce for the nuggets, even through I saw it on my receipt so they knew I wanted it, and hot cakes without butter. Just carelessness on all fronts at this location. Oh and when I got to the pick-up window I told the woman I have a boy so please put a boy toy in the happy meal, and she said all of our toys are unisex. I will include a picture of his "unisex" toy. Take the time and drive pass to the next McDonalds along your route.
They need better training on how the app works if the payment doesn   t go thru it tells you payment failed it would not give you a code to pick up food if it   s not paid for  tonight   s crew  the so called manager 11:40pm 12/08 do better if a 30% coupon was applied and the payment came out and the app generates a code why would we have to pay you $5more dollars that would make us pay full price 30% off is the $5              ½shows it out of my account they tell me it didn   t go thru so I have to pay again at the store no way how does that even make sense cancel order once again food an time wasted get new employees who know what they are doing it   s always the
As we walk in a girl behind the counter identify her self as the manager  she said her name was Maria  with a real nasty attitude disrespectful to the customer saying if I'm off the clock I'm not helping any one I felt really ashamed to be standing there witnessing the way the customer infront of me being treated so I left to go somewhere else
If I could give this place a -0000000 I would. I placed my order and paid at 8:20pm.  I waited literally over 30 minutes for my food. Once I received my food, I made sure to check to see if everything was there. The order was completely WRONG. How do you get an order wrong when everything is on the receipt? I will never understand. The fries were cold and once the order was remade we got home only to find out that the meat was raw. Never again.    Having a lot of orders    shoul
Therese some more good places than this one , ½
Lack of customer service. I wish McDonald's will invest in improving their hospitality more than  spending alot of money in advertising .
I did the drive thru service the lady who collected the money at the window was awesome I'm so sorry I didn't get her name. She put a smile on my face.
Almost perfect.. language barrier I believe caused the confusion on a very simple not too light large Iced coffee, no flavor, 2 creams, and 2 pumps of sugar. 5 min later I left with their version of my request. The associate remained  professional and polite. Even through my obvious frustration. I give her 5  ½ï¿½ï¿½
Omg !! Where to even begin !!! I always order from here !! However they can NEVEr get my order right ! Not to mention I  was hung up on hung up on by the manager . Who had green hair!! Like that 
A young girl Maria calls herself the manager is rude,unprofessional argues with customer when the customer claimed that she was ignored at the counter she became very confrontational and screaming.
Stopped over to pick up a coffee.Manager wanted to charge me for milk in my coffee? Creamer is ok?? Will avoid this place next time.
This location is adequate. The staff are generally nice. The place is nice looking and inviting. Unless the food is super fresh-off-the-grill, it doesn't warrant the increases in price the last few years. If you want to eat cheap and slightly more healthy, I'd recommend Subway in the strip mall behind McD's.
Worst customer service ever, try order at speaker no answer then went to window n was treated like trash by manager jeina and employee joein, they definitely don't deserve their position,they don't care about customer, I told them I wanted to order Tru window cuz had no answer in speaker and joeine said if I don't go around I would stay parked at window all night then he cursed me and closed the window I wish I had a camerA on to show this to the world all over social media shame on McDonald's, I definitely will avoid this business for rest of my life this happen today November 23rd 4am 2022
Cold food and an unusual long wait in drive thru
Worst wait times ever...and u never get a response at the drive thru until u say hello a few times
Went to order drive-thru and not sure if it was the person was training or technical difficulties, but the person who was taking the order could not understand or hear us. After repeating ourselves several times, I   m guessing a manager took over but she had the NASTIEST attitude over the speakerphone. I was clear on my order but I   m guessing the workplace must   ve been stressful for her to had taken my order the way she did. It   s McDonald ½
The chicken.nuggets was cold.also the bread  ½ï¿½
Typical McDonalds.  Good hot food, quick service and you know what to expect.
Well I never been to a McDonald's were they allowed pitbulls. That bark and wine for hours.. I felt not safe with a big pitbull. It was not a working dog.  They are 3 black guys hanging out talking about drugs and woman and partying and been there for more than. 5 hours I didn't see them with. Anything to eat or drink.  Just turned the McDonald's in too a hang out spot and a night club.. cursing laughing while there is child's present.. the manager is a joke... Doesn't do anything about it.
I didn't t like the kiosks, I rather have someone take my order instead
There is always a situation in this location besides waiting time and not serving the right order today what   s the worst of all times I was in the driveway and waiting for my turn to be served they made me wait for 10 minutes and the lane next to me was passing like two times and then I park my car and I get off my and walk inside the store and I asked for the manager and the manager came out looked at me and then when inside and then come back and  I explain the whole situation and then make wait again    ..she went inside talk to someone who was in charge of the drive line  and then come back and they start giving me hart time about the order  ½
Every time i came to this place the ice cream machine never works so never i can try milshake or things like that but every time i approached to the drive through i see the employees drinking shakes or eating ice cream!!!. Then food very poor make it. Every time I visit it's at night at Drive Trough!. I keep coming sometimes  because my little girl loves it. And I always tough it will be better But Nop it's not. Bad Service, Bad Attitude poorly food made.
Sign's all say 24hrs...printed paper on drive thru menu board...we will reopen at 5am due to system being down. Doubtful...at least they could be honest...will reopen at 5am because we can't find anyone to work overnight. This has been going on for nearly two years now.
Mcdonald lately its service is not God. People in there including the manager are not the same as always. They don't have patience, they don't treat people like it use to be.  Right now Chick-fil-a is way better than McDonald in god service period.
it's local so our most used location and it's really as you would expect with McDonald's in general. Sometimes it's great and no issues and sometimes food is a little colder than you'd hope for or missing items from orders and such. I'd say we have more good experiences than "bad" and 4 stars is fair.
Gave it a 2nd chance.  They don't clean out their tea machine.  Unsweetened tea tastes bad.  Pay 2.15 for a large tea and they want me to bring it back.  Money returned first time and this time it will cost more in gas to turn around.  Don't use this mcds.  Unprofessional and dirty
"Horrible management and customer service
I could give this location zero stars I would. I waited in line for 30 minutes to place and order.
Then 12 minutes to pay for it. Once they handed me my food the fries were cold so I asked for fresh fries. The cashier gave me and attitude then said something to the manager who came to the window saying he made the fries and I said they are cold can I have fresh fries? He repeated that he made them and if I wanted fresh fries I would have to pull over. I stated I have been waiting 45 minutes Ill wait right here. So he slammed the window shut and called the police. I moved
the car and 30 minutes later Im still waiting, no police have come so I asked for a refund. He refused to refund me and started cursina like crazv."
Some type of plastic found in my burger after checking to see if it had onions in it after I asked for no onions( of course it had onions) called no answer
Arrived 10:45 and NO SERVICE NO RESPONSE TO THE DRIVE THRU
I   m road tripping from broward and the service here is great. The cashier was beyond nice and the custodian m
The guest ambassador  was watching us while we ate it was kinda nerve racking  and annoying  food can be fresh at times  butthen again  it depends on who is working
"I ordered 2 spicy chicken with two small fries.
I was in a hurry & didn   t check the bag.
When I got home & ready to eat, it was short 1 spicy chicken.
I went back to McDonald ½"
I ordered 2 cheese burgers and a fry. The fries were good. The burgers were wrong. They put them in cheese burger wrappers but never added the cheese.
They got mostly all the orders wrong and also had a few customers including myself waiting more than 10 minutes
When this restaurant switched from Corporate to Franchise a few years ago, I was really happy with the changes that were made, the owner was seen there frequently, the employees seemed happy to be working there and everything was running smoothly. Now in 2022 the lines are terrible, when taking your order they give you the total without asking if more items were needed, seldomly the employees smile at you, and you see that the employees are bothered by the customers. I stopped visiting as often as I did because the service went downhill. Today I visited only because a friend wanted some food for her son. Unless serious changes are made I don't plan to visit again.
I like the new touch screen kiosk for placing order its Cool, play area is small but it's clean. Great staff !
"""Food health safety"" is not in the vocabulary of the staff at this location. Every time I get food from here (usually through someone else going to this location despite me telling them specifically NOT to go to this one) I get stomach pains, diarrhea, and sometimes I even vomit the morning after. Once called to complain and their response was ""just don't eat at this McDonald's"". What a joke, this place should be shut down

Edit: almost forgot to mention the one time they didn't even cook a patty all the way through. Was still pink in the middle. Like, you have one job when you're grilling burgers."
Iam love'n it! The staff is great! Very nice people that work their! At the times when I stop by headed to Haines City to visit family week or weekends! Keep up the good work!
McDonald's quality, What can I say the quality taste and preparation have gone straight down the toilet. Of the 3, taste is suffered the most. there.  fries used to be the best now they're the worst  It's so bad I try to use McDonald's as a last resort.      The last resort
This McDonald's is soppesdly 24 hrs but always says they can't take orders around 3am ! This is b.s ! And it's constantly yet the one near waterford lakes has no issues taking orders!? There needs to be new management seriously!
"This McDonalds has quickly gone downhill over the last year. Service is slow, on Friday evening or night plan to spend 20 to 30 mins in the drive-thru, and you better check your order before you leave. Multiple times items have been missing from my order and just last week I only got 10 of my 20 pieces for the 20 piece nugget I ordered.

If this is what we can look forward to as minimum wage continues to climb I won't be getting this for my kids much in the future and will just make chicken nuggets and fries at home..."
The most incompetent staff and management I've ever experienced in a fast food restaurant. Items missing in my order even after I asked if it was placed in the bag, Rude staff, very unprofessional, laughing/ joking with other employees while on the headset taking my order. Business number that appears online is disconnected, so you can't reach any management. Not even thru the survey online you can get anyone from corporate. Definitely I rather microwave a dollar burrito than come back here.
"Jose was great everyone was so nice
Place is very clean everywhere"
"Excellent customer service.
My daughter is special needs and they went above and beyond to assist us.
They greet you and assist you with a smile and a lady was coming around asking if everything was okay and if we were happy by the end of our dinner.
They also keep it very clean and tidy.
And the food was delicious.
Five stars are not  enough."
Food is usually good but they mess up orders pretty frequently. My last double cheeseburger had a piece of chicken in the middle instead of beef. It'll get the job done though.
I some times go to this fast food place just to get my coffee fix when I feel like having coffee
Fast food with tast quality that is slowly diminished till it helps tast is terrible.  I remember going McDonald's as a child the fries were the BEST now they're the worst, sloppy gooey mess. I actually use McDonald's as an absolute totally worst and last case scenario
Went at 11 pm after a night out with the kids. The drive thru person that was taking my order was the MANAGER TATIANA she was rushing me throughout my whole order and even said OH MY GOD because she was getting aggravated. The one person that has to set the example of customer service should be fired. I've never had a manager to any establishment talk to me in that way. And to top everything off the nuggets to all my orders were so sheet and not crunchy, like they sat on the warmer for hours because the employees were too lazy to fry up new ones. This McDonald's has gone so downhill. First it was the employees now it's management. They need a whole new crew
Nice quiet time for a quick burger.  Not many people were inside but the drive thru was busy.
Went on a ice cream run for my pregnant wife and I know you don't go to McDonald's for their outstanding customer service lol however this visit the staff was unbelievably rude. It almost felt like a skit on what would you do.
Had breakfast menu in the drive thru but the guy said he dosnet know why there up so he goes on to say we ½ï
They were ok. Fast st drive through but my breakfast sandwiches always seem to be far less hotter than my hash browns  It makes not want to eat it.
This place makes it difficult to spend money here. They cannot get a drive through order correct to save their lives, they turn away cash money, and they generally have rough customer service at best. Save yourself the trouble, go down the street to damn near anywhere else.
The employees seem to be too busy talking then making the orders correctly.  Them men's restroom is gross as well, looks like they don't bother cleaning it.
Mosr of the food was delivered after we were sent to the parking lot since it was 2 big breakfasts and a mcgriddle with 3 drinks. Food was delivered within a few minutes but after waiting 10 minutes we had to go back into the drive through. Because they forgot our drinks. After we went back they gave it and when we went home they forgot to give us straws and the extra hashbrown we ordered. Food good but lacking service. Very nice cashier lady but the food handler wasnt as nice.
Chicken nuggest are good in my book when first made. I can't stand ordering food and smelling like it. McDonald's isn't really a place I go to. The place seems questionable.
Clean and friendly service!
I usually DONT have a problem with McDonald's but tonight was different.  I was ordering something for my granddaughter,  then I wanted something for myself.  I was looking at the menu and the person who was taking my order was very impatient with me,  acting as if I was preventing her from going sometwh.ere.  I said can you give me a minute please,  she replied under her breath "that's all you had to say in the first place " then when I went around to pay, she disappeared and had someone else accept my payment.  Then I was handed  my food  with stares and nothing Said by the staff. Needless to say,  I threw away the food. Not about to play games with these little high school kids.  A company who cares about their reputation should try to train and manage their workers before hiring them.  Horrible service tonight.
How hard is it to give people the right order?? The drive thru chick with the braces was too busy gossiping with her friend to give me the correct order on 09/25/21 at 9:15-9:30am. Stop gossiping in Spanish and work. $15 an hour where??? Hell No
Uusually I like McDonald's but not today..  Ordered a crispy chicken deluxe meal.. Everything was cold, especially the fries.  The one thing they usually don't mess up.  YUK!!
"The worst Mc Donald's I have ever encountered.
Order just 2 sausage McMuffin with egg when I got it the bread was so hard at then ends it gum as I bit it I took both back after I got the fresh sandwiches I left I had to again return cause those new sandwiches had no eggs I wasted 26 min of my UBER/LYFT time even had to cancel ride .

These managers there needs to be on point and consistent with there employee and monitor a little more the food that goes out the store already cooked."
"Terrible experience at the drive thru. Whats going on mickey d's?

First, girl at the window messed up my order, then she gave me only 1 straw for an order of 2 drinks. To add worse on my list of service, she waved my drink up and down at me like i'm a dog.

Thank you, i won't be back anytime soon."
They used to be great but now the new managers are not trying to make customers happy. I asked for fries during breakfast and was told no the new store manager said they can't comply. I even told them I would wait. The other staff here are great and friendly. Sorry that your new managers are not following the corporate way
Thanks for the perfect iced coffee I got. The price for $1.49 for a large you can not go wrong. I go here about every couple days since it is almost in my back yard. The food usually is good and service is fast. Friendly staff serving you. I am so glad that this location is remodeling the play area,So excited to see how it will look considering I can walk there in 15 min. Gotta Love It!!
You guys mess up my Uber orders every time without fail. Whether it be a straw, a drink, an entire meal, or even an apple pie- you guys forget at least one of those things every time. I reordered the items that were missing from my previous Uber Order today and as soon as my courier reached your McDonald   s, you guys disabled your Uber eats opti
You know what you get for food. Good. Today no one was paying attention. Line backed up while cashier was helping confused customer, manager came to help. Then left. Two customers left, and , no one knew it. Suggested to cashier another register should have opened. Only the one she was on was opened. Seemed to be lots of staff. Just saying .
Every time it never fails that you mess up, my Uber Eats order is always incomplete. The fries are always old. On an average, I spend over $30 for you to mess it up. Either you forget the sauce for the nuggets or you forget to put straws in the bag.
"I went to drive through
And some of the employees are very rude not customer friendly
They messed up my order
Everything if not my food is cold I will never but from them.ever again my husband and I highly recommend do yourself a favor gi buy at mc donalds in the other south obt location tgere food always fresh and they very  friendly"
Can't remember the last time I was here.  Great job to them!! Not 1 issue & the food was very good!! Every employee we had contact with, very pleasant & kind. The restaurant itself, very clean. Hats off to all of you!!  ½ï¿½
I needed a pick me up and stoped by for some iced coffee. Since I am diabetic , i can only have regular  cold coffee with milk , no flavored milk . Still i had to pay full price for a med cold coffee  (with only 3 ice cubes I wished for ) came out for almost 2 $ ! I think this is pretty unfair , overpriced and pure profit ! So I am not ever going to buy anything from Mc.Donald anymore .
Drive through was exceptionally speedy when I got waived off to park. I had asked for a cup of water to still get waived off. I get my meal and asked about my cup of water the staff member seemed to not car and walked away. I walked in to ask for a water cup to have the rest of the staff say that if I wanted a water cup with a lid in a small cup, I would have to be in drive through... Where I came from... It wasn't until a shift manager 3 associates later did they ok for me to have a child cup of water.... Water.
This location will park you for 15 minutes when you've only ordered 2 items. This forces me to order for pick up most times so I don't have to wait 15+ minutes. Otherwise, food is okay.
I only give 3 stars because i was supposed to have an interview July 10th and the manager doing my interview was on vacation and no one called to reschedule or inform me....and when the manager came back from vacation i was still not contacted...very unprofessional. But food order is always accurate.  
Order @ the kiosk slow there DT seems to b a priority over dine in customers,I drive by the next time McDees needs to step up here!!
Dropped my food  as I was leaving and they replaced my order. I was so grateful. (Bag busted and food spilled out).
The manager and the staff here treat customers very disrespectful. I ordered two quarter pounders and they were pink in the middle. We asked for a remake and was told that's how they are made. After we pushed for a remake the "redone" was still pink. The manager sarcastically asked for extra extra extra well done burgers, at which I noticed the cooking staff laughing and one was wiping their nose and face with their arms. After I immediately cancelled my order and asked for a refund. The night staff compared to the day staff is just like that; night and day. If I could give no stars I would.
I don   t know who gave them less than 5 stars. But OMG! This filet o fish was cooked to order and had a perfect crunch on the crust. People who know me knows that I would not give a good review if it wasn   t real.  Tonight I had a taste for this sandwich so I got in my car for a late night run. I   m sooo surprised that this fish sandwich was sooo perfectly cooked. All was missing was a dash of a sweet seasoning salt. I wish I could tell the cook tonight well done!! We went back and got two more filet o fish sandwi
Worst McDonald's experience ever.  Do not visit this location. It doesn't matter how many times you ask for a special request with your food, they will still make it wrong and than lie to you when they give it to confirming your request was done, when in fact it was wrong the whole time.  They will not give you your complete order the first time, you have to drive around and wait inline again or go inside to get your order correct, and if you don't double check it at the counter, they may get it wrong again. I do not recommend this location to anyone.  ½ï¿½
Waited 10 minutes in front of drive thru pick up window, while 2 employees had their backs to me only to get cold soggy fries and a chicken sandwich that wasn't hot and tasted like it was cold leftovers.    So yeah this experience was GARBAGE
Orange juice add water..no taste n water flavor?? Water x extender juice..chiring... cheaper..not respect x costumer..then  server say I don't know..not take responsibility..not good
As an employee of McDonald's I usually give them the benefit of the doubt but the nuggets we ordered were fried together making them raw in the middle and still served.  And never in a my years of working for McDonald's have I ever had undercooked fries that tasted hours old.
Went at night. And it was terrible. These ladies take your order through drive thru and you wait and wait and wait. 30 minutes on the drive through. Call corporate on these ladies. Horrible service.Next time im hungry i will go somewhere else.
Horrible service,, manager Donnie did nothing to assist. Only drive thru was being served and that's because of it being timed.
"Piss poor service. Didn't bring drinks over with our order. When we was asked for the cups, got nothing but a snotty nosed look and the server walked away and never returned.
Seemed to be the general attitude of all the staff involved including the senior on duty."
The cashier was super nice, but I received the wrong item at the drive- thru. My chocolate chip frappe did not seem to have a lot of chips in it. Overall the drinks and food were good though.
If I could give zero stars I would there lazy to make guava pies I ordered 3 and they gave me 2 I paid for 3! Then they said it   s 12 mins to wait that   s fi
Terrible I thought they had great food at one point however I'm thinking that Burger King is going to be better for me from now on....the simple fact I went yesterday at 3:00 in the morning to go get a burger and they gave it to me ice cold then I had to wait on the line like about six cars in front of me in order for them to get the sandwich right then they put very little bit of lettuce which I asked for extra lettuce I don't care if I have to pay for it I just want my extra lettuce and no pickle on the double McDouble anyways I don't know but I might eat them but not as much as I was eating them before and as for their fries well they were good
The drive thru manager at night, is extremely disrespectful. Never going to this McDonald again. She does not talk to you without yelling or offending you.
I was discriminated by a drive Thru today for me being hard of hearing . Employees at this McDonald's are always extremely rude. They should be thankful in hard times like now they have jobs. Went thru drive thru w my kids was placing my order and cashier told me she would not take my order cause I was not fast she also said things that were rude and inappropriate.
The McDouble is terrible. Very dry and very little ketchup and mustard on it. Couldn't finish my first one. Bread should taste soft and fresh. Meat should be juicy. And they through it together which makes a mess. And hardly any onions on it. Fries should be soft not hard and with plenty of salt on them. ALL burgers should be juicy. That's what makes a great burger.
This McDonald's is super fast on ordering, prep, and moving  cars thru the drive thru. Awesome in having the order prepared and correct.
We were in the DRIVE THROUGH  for 30 MINUTES.  They messed up a simple happy meal order. I went inside to speak to the manager and told him that the fries were ice cold and they never gave me the drink that comes with it.  The manager never apologized he just looked at me and said "ok". He gave me the drink and new fries.  The employee was the one that had to apologize for him because he didn't hear an apology from the manager either, so after a pause of the manager just staring at me the employee said I apologize. Unbelievable, how the training for these managers are at this store.
It's McDonald's what can we say about food quality lol..I waited almost 10min. Food 2 sausages and this particular McDonald's always messed up my order when I go through the dive through. The remodel was nice. I had the big breakfast platter and the got the steak instead of the sausage..big mistake..The steaks seems like some fake meat our something. Now I know
Stopped here after picking up my brother from school, there was a bit of a line but it moved pretty fast and the food was absolutely fantastic usually mcdonalds is hit or miss in multiple areas this location was fast service and really fresh food!!!!!
"If you want consistency, eat here.
Fries soaked in oil and still dripping. Service as low as can be. I really think the staff here stopped trying."
About what you expect from a McDonaldï¿½ï¿
The people who work here are always kind to me when I go in. The food has always been correct, and I do tend to take something off when I order the McChicken sandwiches. The only issue I have is the time period in which they only accept cash, but I do not blame them. I just don't carry cash on me.
"Is it Ghetto? Yes.
Was my order right? No.
Will I ever go back? No.
Will I recommend? Hell no.
The problem I had was that this McDonalds is in a not desirable area. Theres homeless roaming the streets and panhandling right in front of the entry of McDonalds.

If you want a clean, safe and nice atmosphere go to a McDonalds in a ritzy area. They do not tolerate these types of behaviors."
The 1st window cashier was very rude she had a attitude I asked for the manager she act like she didn   t care what went on in the store or cared to hear my complaint if someone has the correct number for 
Normal fast food, service was a little slower than normal due to not enough employees on site
"This 1 McDonald I'll say surpasses all in Central Florida. Being a father of two teenagers who are always hungry (!) and it's very convenient for me to stop by in a McDonald to pick up some snacks (burgers...).

I always park and go inside and order. I ordered on the kiosk and a lady (manager, perhaps) acknowledged me and in 4 minutes, I got my food whereas the drive through would've cost me at least 10 minutes.
Clean, fast and friendly service!"
Worst McDonald's visit ever. Started out standing at counter for 5 minutes before anyone looked at me and acknowledged us. Burgers so greasy you'd have to go out of your way to make them this bad. Ate in, took 30 min to get food, than messed up order. Burgers falling out of wrappers. Outside of wrappers soaked in grease. Cold fries.
Horrible service, nobody knows what they're doing, they short you on everything. The guy at the window with painted nails was listening to music on his phone with both earbuds in and didnt say a word to me, I ordered pancakes with sausage and a medium coffee. They gave me a small coffee and kept saying that's what a medium is now, and it wasnt even drinkable. I know this is my fault for not checking especially after that, there was no butter, syrup, napkins, or utensils in the bag for the pancakes and sausage. Never coming here again
The worst MCDONALD'S I've been to and I'm from NYC! The managers look like they dont shower and the food is always terrible!! Drive a few miles down john young and you will find better spots. DONT BRING YOUR MONEY HERE! HOPEFULLY THEY WILL GO OUT OF BUSINESS AND MAKE ROOM FOR A GOOD RESTAURANT!!!
I like to work here on days when I   m in this area, but there   s nowhere to plug in my laptop. I   m informed by the staff that almost all McDonald ½ï
bad service , was trying to order and the lady walked away after nothing was happening and she was just talking to a guy instead of helping and trust me if i could give 0 stars i would but that   s not possible. Thank you - Juliana and i would like a contact saying you fix this and maybe ev
Lol I just like the guy who said my hair reminded me of someone in a movie, he was nice.
"I will give 5 stars only if Mc Donald's bring the peanuts for the Sundays back.
They say is because some people are allergic.
But I'm not.
People has to know about what can eat and what can't eat.
Thank you Mc Donald's to make me eat my favorite Sundae without peanuts ï¿½ï"
6/9/2018 7:15pm. ordered food through drive through, paid at first window received drinks at second window, was told to park in curbside #2 to wait for the rest of my food. 20 minutes and 15+ cars roll through drive-thru before I went inside. there was some confusion as to what happened to my order and i spoke with a manager, he had informed me that my order was given to an Uber food delivery driver, and that they would remake my order. I agreed. the associate who gave my food away came up to apologize and offered me cookies? as a forgiveness? i informed him i just wanted my food so i could go. 10 more minutes in the restaurant and i was out the door. I will have to find another mcd's to go to from now on.
I ordered a snack size mcflurry and they gave me a regular mcflurry and charged me for the snack size. Absolutely disgusting behavior from mcdonald's. If I could give them negative stars I would.
Could not get their head out of their own ass. tried to order my kids one being a McChicken with extra lettuce and pickles. I got the grill and they put pickles on the grill pickles.The Griddle it took three workers and two managers to still that's my order and still messed up.
Great food and service!
They were very slow. I literally waited 10 minutes on the drive thru. It was about 10 o'clock at night. I will not go to this one again.  Food was good but speed of service was horrible.  
The service was awesome. The manager was cleaning the dinning room. (I've never seen that happen) But the place was super clean, bathrooms smelled good, and the food was warm and ready!!!
Good was good, but took 7 minutes to get me an iced coffee.
This is the most fickle drive through.  Some days they are on point and it's in and out.  Days like today, they have you pull forward to wait for your food. Eleven minutes later you walk in to see what the hold up is, and the bag of your food is sitting there on the counter. Who knows how long it had been there for and how many minutes I wasted due to an incompetent employee who probably thinks they should be making $15 an hour.
Worst customer service, manager actually rolled her eyes when I asked for a receipt, and told me that it's a giant pain in the ass, yeah that actually happened, their kiosk was allowing me to order food that they did not have and did not tell me this till I asked for the McRib and he's all we don't have that, I just ordered and payed for it...if I had not asked they would have never said anything about it. Stay Away! Unless you want to get rude service
Good. Staff was friendly ,service was quick and my order was complete without any problems what so ever I'm satisfied!
How this company hired a manager who doesn   t speak English   . Food was cold and nuggets were stale cold fries,
The 2 for give dollar deal was bad. I ordered two quarter pounders and they we're left over from the past definitely not fresh from frozen do worst burgers I've had at any mc Donald's
Would have been nice to get some warm food and to not have to listen to the workers screaming and arguing through the hole meal.  Also could have lived w/o all the foul language the workers were using.  I will not be back!
"I ordered a bacon McGriddle with White American cheese. They gave me Swiss. I acknowledged them the issue they said they only have white American cheese and no other white cheese. They are currently advertising the mushroom and Swiss burger.. that   s a white cheese too I thought?

Or is the Swiss the only American cheese? Or does anyone not know the difference.

I need a manager. At least ask me if I want my food replaced with regular cheese.

So the McGriddle eventually was eaten "
App sucks, don't work because the restaurant does not show order. Employees and management does not care and act like they don't speak English. Unprofessional
Poor guess service no one greeted or even said anything at the drive thru even tho they r drive thru only
Love my McDonald's! They have the best employees! I go there 5 days a week on my way to work and they are always cheerful, fast and just a great way to start the day!
Love it clean friendly staff always get my order just the way I want it
Always something for everyone
Order two large fries both was burnt !! Not the frist time !! They will give nasty food when going threw the drive threw !!!
Ate here early I'm the morning.  Was clean,  quick, and quiet.  Far from my location but would cone again if in  the area.
I am tired of the inconsistency of this particular establishment. The first thing is that this is the only McDonalds in the area that starts serving breakfast at 3 am. It is next to a club and i am sure a burger sounds better after drinking, but anyway back to the inconsistency. I show up everyday at 2:45 am and sometimes i can get a qtr pounder and other days they say it's not on the late night menu. What really bugs me is that several time I am told breakfast only! No ody shows up at that time for a mcgriddle. Stop being lazy and make the food. Most of the breakfast is ready to slap together and is why they do it, but i show up before 3 am and I want a burger! Why can't the staff get their stuff together as i wrote this review 3 people drove off because they did not want breakfast either.
Excellent place place . Great service . I had a great time in this restaurant just having a cappuccino and enjoying a relaxing moment there . They were very friendly .
I ordered a burger and salad and they took 25 minutes to bring me my food. My entire lunch break was spent in the waiting area of the parking lot and looked like they didn't give me extra chicken on my salad as I paid for. Very disappointed.
Sometimes they are good and other times they are not worth spending you money they. Most are nice, BUT some do have attitudes.
I ordered two combos on the uber eats my total was 30 dollars and when my food arrived two of the shakes I ordered where missing, I called the mcdonalds and they never answered. Be carful when you order so that your money does not go to waste
The fries were undercooked, they were soggy. I got them around 12am, other than that my nuggets were good
Great service. Service representatives are nice and helpful. Just don't forget to ask for extra condiments.
Ordered the buttermilk crispy tenders and when approach the counter after I paid they said will not be available until dec 28 in exchange only offer a 6 pc chicken nuggets, really a 6 pc nuggets. Plus they took so long just to tell me that.
Horrible! I hate to have to say that because I love Mc Donalds. No toilet paper no hand soap in the restroom and just plain dirty! When I told the manager she sent an employee to take care of it. I saw that he went in with the items and came back out and continued wirking with thebsame glives he used in the restroom Really? When I ordered they got the order wrong, no napkins in both napkin holders and no salt. In the dinning room most of the tables were dirty. The worst part is that they were not busy. Make it right please.
The service here was very rude they are very nasty when it comes to customers like they dont want to work, they only talk in spanish what about the ones that dont understand. That's not good service. Needs new management!
They were fast and accurate,  many locations are not well ran but this one is. That's important when you have a 4 year old who asks for a happy meal once a on a while.
Got charged twice for a mobile order, and even when I went to get my curbside order, I ended waiting for 10 minutes and went to the side door, and even got disrespect from the manager of the store. Don't care how good their fries are, this just made me quit on Macdonalds all together.
This place is always unorganized.  Every time we Uber they send the order with missing food. The staff is rude most of the time and to top it of they never pick up their phone.  They need some serious training .
Service was fast but the guy at the window (Covered in tattoos) was drinking and sucking on his fingers while handling people's orders. The only reason I grab my order was because someone else prepared it.
This place can never get a drive thru order right.  Even told the manager 3 times that I wanted round eggs and not the folded ones.  Everytime I do a drive thru ordered it's messed up.  Never again will I go there.  They suck.  Sorry.  Corporate is in town and they will hear about this place.
Great service!! Sometimes they get orders wrong but they are always clean and are very nice and get my food fast ½ï¿½
Never go to this McDonald's it's the worst if u complain about something they complain back the staff is slow rude and unhigenic I saw three employees use the rest room and not wash there hands even the manager has an attitude
Same thing applies for any McDonald's short staff food is expensive and not prepared properly it seems like they cannot get the order right
Only one line was open and the food delivery people made it longer for the people ordering in line. I waited 30 mins in line!! I won't be doing that again!!!
A few minutes ago I placed an order and they gave me the wrong one and when I complained they responded with an unpleasant and nasty attitude.  The worst attention.
Don't eat at McDonald's often, but service seemed slower than usual there. Guess people don't want to work.
The guy who took my order was rude and tried to tell me a small meal isnt a thing.     ½Not that long ago I worked at a mcdonalds. A small fry and a small drink with my san
It's unacceptable to have to wait in the drive-thru for 40 minutes just to order food
I ORDERED THE WHOLE MENU THEN I GOT FAT AFTER DONT RECOMMEND GOING HERE
Many stores are closed.
Order taker was a wee bit friendlier but person who gave me my food never saud a word. Food luke warm but order was correct
I understand that mistakes can be made, but when the order is done on Uber and you have the receipt and time to complete the order, how do you confuse a small Sprite for a tote of cookies?
Excellent getting my order perfect.  Many of their stores dont get order completely correct since I am particular about my orders.  This store was perfect
Very clean, friendly staff, fast table service. Wish the McDonald's in my home town were as nice as this one.
The service has come a long way from two years ago but it's still not perfect... but then again nothing is perfect. The dining are was super clean.
By far the worst is McDonald   s in Orlando ask for a large sweet tea and I get a medium Coke and ask for a McChicken and I get
Always prefer this place near my home. Great service
Restaurant was clean and food was hot. Took four times to get a simple order right. The manager was finally about to get it right.
Ina is absolutely amazing! Such a sweetheart and extremely helpful and attentive. I wish McDonald ½
I ordered a big order online when I received my food, was no fries in any meal, no drink with the happy meal, and I tried to call to the store and no body answer the phone
Drive through took 15 minutes. Food was cold. Employees didn't say a word to me. Pretty rough. They got the order right, so they get 2 stars
After waiting in the drive-thru 2 minutes after saying good morning, employees decided they felt like taking only cash and serving breakfast items. We're one week away from 2017, invest in a credit card reader.
I did mobile order and waited there for like 20mins and nobody got concerned, ask or called at least to let me know     hey, we ap
They forgot the Apple juicy from the happy meal but is ok
If you forget to put an item in a customers bag and they have to come back to reclaim that missing item it ½
Too much time waiting for a fast food
It   s crazy how You can 
Excellent service from Management and staff .We love having our meals here.  
I dont know if this place is open. Everytime our company wants to make a big order, we call the number on the website and nobody ever answers the phone. They lost our business and respect. A business that does not feel that they need to answer their phones lacks customer service skills. I would not want to be the owner of this particular store, that is if the store is open, like I said, THEY NEVER ANSWER THE PHONE.
Poor service, after waiting for 10 minutes to get my food, I left. No special order, and the people that ordered after me had their food brought to them. I left and went to KFC.
Great friendly service. Clean local.
Good food nice n hot Francisco very kind friendly excellent services not only from him all employees so cool congratulations McDonald's
It's McDonald's.. food was hot.. Is it me or have price's gone up again?
Ordered through the mobile app and it didn't go through was told they couldn't receive online orders.  Should have something through the app to let people know if a location can receive mobile orders or not.
Stopped by for a hot fudge sundae.  Service was fast and enjoyed my time there. Place was very clean.
My Big Mac still tasted like a Big Mac but unfortunately, the company has shrunk their burgers over the years.
This McDonalds smelled like pee
The large milkshake i ordered was the size of a medium. If i had known that i never would have ordered it. Disappointed
Jasmine the cashier was really nice ... but my order was all wrong and she did fix it ... thanks jasmine...your one of the reason i continue to go thur drive thur restaurant..
Order my food and smoothie. Got my food and was told move up and smoothie will be right out 10 mins no smoothie.  Bad service alway around.
Ordered through mobile app. Order was wrong. Went in to get it redone. Eggs dried cand overcooked.  Egg mcmuffin old and bread stale. Smh!!!
Waited 20 minutes in the line with only three cars and then they messed the order up!
Mane I got lucky today, but my fries were fresh and hot. My quarter pounder was fresh and hot. Bust visit to McDonalds in years.
Every time I come here my order is messed up. My food always cold. I order a mcflurry and its more ice cream than the topping. It sucks
Best neighborhood  Mc Donald's  to go relax in the morning with a good cup of coffee
"This is Ghetto restaurant
they messed up our orders we didn't get reciept with our order never again we ask for our refund they looked at us like we're crazy since they made the mistake not giving us a reciept in drive through I'm call corporate They lost our business never again"
Slow ..no good service
Good service, immaculate and the most mouthwatering fish sandwich on a bun that  ½
Very clean and very organized environment the staff was great
This one in particular changed my order, was to slow and when they give me the order the meat was burned ....
It wasn't too many customers at the restaurant and the French fries were cold
Excellent service.
The service in the morning is terrible went there twice and I have to wait 12 to 15 minutes cuz there's no one at the front  they're all busy doing      ½. The second day I went there the guy that took my order completely ignore me until he left from his shift  a
Friendly staff fresh food
Wanted milkshake at 5p.m. it had just needed cleaned would b a half hour usually they clean the machines in the morn. Makes u wonder how long it has been
All McDonald's are horrible. Always get bad service and the food is never quite what you expect. The only reason they're in business is because they are on the corner when you need them.
One of the best McDonalds I have been to. Clean, good food and service, self service touch-screen order option, etc. They also bring food to your table.
"They are very nice people
Kind and polite.
The coffee is  ½ï¿½ï¿½"
They took care of me really well!!had gallbladder removed and they took gd care of my food ..made it to my expectations.well done!!!
Worst service ever. I would never recommend no one to go eat there. Not even a exception with management very rude people.
McDonald's? Really? You need a review? If you eat here regularly, I guarantee that your health is not good right now or soon won't be! They don't serve actual food here.
Food great but restrooms didn't have toilet paper
Worst McDonald's ever,  rude attendants and apparently "only cash" transactions after 12am. Not coming back ever !
From the owners of 4 Rivers, this chicken centric restaurant is great. Whole day menu but the brunch options are the best.
I never like McDonald's  I have eaten  there just never been impressed.
Went through drive thru at 11:30pm June 29 2019 the lady at window was extremely rude with attitude and eating ICECREAM while taking orders in the pay window, rolling her eyes at me
The girl was rude on the drive thru speaker. The food was fine.
I have never been treated so poorly in a place of business in my life. Rude and miserable employees to the point where I just walked out. Avoid this place at all cost
Ordered A doubble quarter pounder no mustard. 3xs came out with mustard. How hard is it and they want 15$ hour. I Don't think so.
Worst experience the food was given to us wrong they didn't remake it they fixed the one that a couple of people looked at and touched. Then the rest of the food was horrible.
Mobile order 20 nuggets got 18. Went inside Manager had no mask but crew did. second batch of nuggets and still not the complete order of nuggets
Food always prepare at the moment, good price for the amount of food, believe me, I'm a big man and food is a lot.
Nice to see the kid's playground open again.
Really comes down to who's working. You will either be surprised at the efficiency and general helpfulness of the staff or you will leave angry and long after you got there.
"Food was Mc Donald's quality.
But the service was horrible.
Took half an hour to get out breakfast and our order was wrong when we got it."
Amazing place me and my family loved it!
I have lived by this McDonald's for the past 12 and a half years, I have complained so many times to management and corporate about this location that it makes me sick.
I do not like that MacDonald's, they have very bad service. Instead of 10, they gave me 8 chicken nuggets.
Nicely
Typical McDonald's fast food, cheap and satisfying when necessary. Fast prompt service, no real complaints.
Nice employees, however The Dios no wated to substitu a Muffin for a  biscuit. AND my phone Coupon didn't work..
One star because it   s McDonald ½
Awesome service from the minute I came in my order was right on point very happy
Friendly staff. Fast service. Food good and hot. Generally clean. Modern. Has kiosks for ordering.
Take a long time to be ready the food
Horrible they never get the orders correct and half the time the food is cold
Mcdonald once again lowering the standard the serveice is as bad as the food
Went there and ordered 2 Sausage Egg McMuffin.  Neither had egg in it.  How is that possible.
The service and food is horrible... too long to get my order  ½ï¿½ï
P I purchased a two for five fish something was in the fish look like something stringy like plastic I'm not sure what it was I tried to call the restaurant that several times no one never answer and still haven't answered
Good food but employees seem bothered to help you service was non existent
Customer service was great. The food was hot and good.
Clean restaurant and great service. I used the kiosk and my number was called quickly. Thanks!
THE WORST PLACE EVER. EVEN FOR THE WORKING ENVIRONMENT. PEOPLE YELLING AT EACH OTHER,  THE MANAGER THERE. THE FAT WOMEN HAS TO BE THE MOST RUDEST PERSON I'VE EVER MET. AND WHEN I ORDERED MY FOOD THE LADY IN THE KITCHEN WAS NOT WEARING GLOVES. ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE.  WHO EVER THE OWNER IS NEEDS TO GET EVERYTHING STRAIGHT THERE BEFORE I CALL IN. HOW PITIFUL! HAPPENED ALMOST A MONTH AGO. I NEVER GOING THERE AGAIN. AND I SUGGEST NO ONE ELSE DOES. AND THE LOBBY HAS HAD ROACHES ON THE WALL. I HOPE THEY SEE THIS CAUSE I BC MY SON WENT THERE THE OTHER DAY. BUGS ON HIS TABLE. I WILL BE CALLING A INVEST INVESTIGATION AT THE HEALTH DEPARTMENT.
It was cool to have a filet-o-fish and a small fry once in a blue moon lol.. Sorry no pictures LoL
3 employees inside but shut down for temporary cleaning until 5 a.m.???? Awesome
Great
The manager is super rude took my receipt out of my hands with out my consent and yell at us trying to get us out of the line. Very disappointed
Excellent Coffee Excellent Food Very good Place VERY good Friend people
Don't eat McDonald's
My kids loved McDonald's but I want back my steak bagel breakfast that was the best...
Great service and food is always hot when served.  Yes, served.  They bring the food to your table.
Food was hot. There was a bunch of kids hanging out there because they new some of the employees there.
Ok sometimes....ketchup  ½ï
Food was way too salty line was way too long service was way too slow
No one ask what i needed. people cussing walking around manner just passed me as well with out asking if i needed help
You always get more than you pay for...and the flavor is awesome  ½ï¿½ï¿
Super long line inside and in the drive thru and it was only 4
I always just get iced coffee so it was quick.
Always mess up my order, just ordered uber eats and they messed it up. Called for the last hour and no answer, never again will order from them.
Sucks frappe machine not been working for 2 days atleast have a sign outside so dnt hv to waste time waiting in drive thru..
We have the food all wrong. The manager charged for what was missing in the order. Is not the first time. Oh well they need to improve costumer service.
The food was hot and the drive thru moved quickly
Another McDonald's with the same exact experience long wait cold food
Wish I could give 0 stars....slow, poor service and food was cold.
Food tasted funny but I had already drove away.
This McDonald's is ok, but back when all the McD was charging $2.50 for a large drink they was only charging a $1 here ï¿½
Love the new Quarter Pounder with fresh beef cooked to order! Worth the wait.
Good one but didn't put a souse even tho I asked 3 times, really....
Poor customer service. Very rude young kids.
Came with my friends they were all over the place we were mid order and they left us to go talk another worker had to help us and she was not very nice
Super friendly service and always giving the extra mile for customers. A++
Love this location because, it was actually fast paced at the drive thru.
Very Rude Customer service. Store Manager Name Clark . Does not have any Customer service experience at all. Doesn ½ï¿½ï
weak place  ridiculous attitudes working there. Got order wrong   and the two in front of me.    Mgrs are in wrong position  -  its McDonalds. Enough said.
Blah ½ï¿½
Terrible customer service and no juice for the kids. If your kids don't drink soda go elsewear!!!
Unprofessional all employees had headphones ,incomplete uniform, no name tags ,too much time waiting just to get an Uber ....
Gross as always only way to get full fast on 3$
Fish sandwich had been sitting and was terrible.  Had gone through drive up...and just threw it away.
Great breakfast
Terrible service cold food unsalted fries the list goes on id suggest you go to whatever other mcdonalds is closest
I order a MC Chicken and the prepare everything like it but they put a burger meat instead of the chicken and I have to drive back.
Always fresh but not always fast depend who ½ï¿½
Very nice services, good food ..affordable
Needed food late at night. Felt awful the next day, it's fast food I knew what to expect.
bad food bad service but usually fast and lots of them around
There's nothing special about McDonald's and most of the people working here act like they'd rather be somewhere else
Went through the drive-thru order to fillet a fish and a small fry one fillet of fish was hot the other flat fish was cold french fries are soggy
Good food and staff..eat like a 20 year old!
It's realy bad when the register personnel cant count change that is done by the computer infront of there face.
Only customer in store bad service ,and they got food wrong
Line was out on the main highway and no room to maneuver once in drive thru
This is one of the best stores in the area, the crew is amaizing, clean, and willing to help
The Big Mac was good may just the way I ordered it and nice and fresh
Order was wrong, third McDonald without ice cream machines ½ï¿½
"The service is horrible
I waited a damn hour just for them to tell me they gave it away then they didn ½ï¿½"
Horrible service. New updated look and same terrible employees. Avoid this place.
Newly renovated, clean store with fat service. I loved the automated order touchscreen.
Always a joy to eat at this place. Nice ice cream with a twist of M&M's
Friendly crew. Clean restaurant. The food was hot and delicious! A++!!
"Way too slow in St.Cloud & no ice cream after that wait
Good grief"
Food is never fresh when I order?
They literally take forever and they only give you one sauce for an order of 10 piece McNuggets
Family night Tuesdays
Do not ask. A joke,  both the staff and food. It's sad the quality had fallen so far
I ordered based on a picture of the sandwich and did not have lettuce, tomatoes etc.
One of the nicer McDonald's I have been to even has a digital ordering screen.
My go to fast food place. Yummy yum good!
Service was slow, girl on her phone.
Messed up our order for the 3rd time.  McDonalds is going down hill
The service at this location is always fast and easy. Order is always right.
I love this place nice person and costumer service
Slow and rude people working at this place
The first cheeseburger I ever ate from McDonald's that was horrible
Servers were fast and friendly excellent
I'll be back for more Sprite..!
Very rude employees. Unexpected to be honest.
Never get anyone order correct food cold and old
Arrived, was looking at the menu, and the petulant cashier said -Whatever- and walked away...hilarious
OMG they always mess up the drive thru order
I realized that i got the wrong sandwiches when I got home...it happened before....customer service needs needs major improvement
Bad service, the manager with red hair i believe she is Hispanic is rude and disrespectful!!
bad service and they were not social and they were chitchatting instead of getting our order
I went there at about 8:50 and they were not serving food for some reason at that time.
Some days the service is fast and others it takes forever.
Cleanliness 1/5. Wait time 1/5. Customer service 3/5.
This is a good place. Sometimes a little under staffed though.
Nice restaurant, friendly staff and clean.
The crackhead working the drive thru tried to sell me a bag of dope at the window. I wish i was just kidding...
Always nice never too busy
Watered down fountain drinks with no fizz, plenty of loiterers hanging around for a long time with just a cup of coffee.
Good
Very clean, very modern. Loved the new chicken.
It's McDonald's a lot of good food and some letters badd for you
Make sure you have the app so you dave money and get free stuff
Now I know now I know why I stopped eating there
Didn't have a lot to choose from but they were open to serve what they had to ppl in need.
Fairly cleaned sun was shining. Beautiful day
They were all over the place, in the middle of the order they switch the worker and all they do is talk to other workers
Waiting in line , and the manager fixing the register. Bad customer service
Good service. Consistent quality.
I wait for about 25 minutes for 2 chicken nuggets meal,  bad service.
"Typical McDonald's
No sauce for the nuggets, though requested.
No ketchup for the fries.

On the up side.... service was friendly and smiling."
good quick service when i was there in and out very fast
Fast, clean, polite what else can you ask for
The dining room was clean. The staff was very friendly and prompt.
Service was a bit slow but I was there at a late hour.
Ice cream stop!! It was great!!
Undercooked, cold in the middle......
Great job, on menu! Tastes great...
Don't want to make your order FRESH
Fast friendly service. Fresh food
Quick Service. They take care of you
Everything you come to expect from McDonald's
The wait was long however, it was worth the wait.
The Managment and employees need to be retrained. This location is a complete joke
Not good parking area or access. Very slow service. Very small
The worst McDonald's service is slow and they ignore you
Fast and fresh food w everythin integ bag
Good customer service experience  ½ï¿½
Very fast service hot food.
They messed up my order but they fixed it!
Awesome food and great service ï¿½ï
Not bad at all nice lady at the window
Very clean and service very good and fast ...
Very professional nd fresh food
They give hot fresh fries all the time
Quick service. Good food.
If Asians order coffee, you'll get coffee without a shot.
I'm on a diet, again, but the salad is great!
Taste so good, but is so bad. Love hate relationship.
If there was zero stars thry would get it. Awful service!
Forgot my fries, out of one meal. Ouch.
Coffee was hot,panckes were hot and sausage biscuit was hot
New McDonalds everything was fresh I'm Loving It!
Extreamly slow took over 30 min to get food
You got it love all day breakfast
Great customer service, Clean restaurant
Very good sercice and the employees are the best
Regular Mc. Kind employees, same food you love/hate.
Friendly staff, aweso.e place for the kids to play
Clean establishment. Friendly faces fresh food
Sometimes it's good eat at Mc. DONALD'S
Very clean playground!  Great for a family outing!
Best place in my neighborhood  ½ï¿½
Employees too loud and some costumers wasn't happy about it.
THEEE WORST MCDONALDS EVER
Clean and very good staff.
Good service. Very clean.
$3 a happy meal for now.  Cool.
Still love this place!! Customer service Rocks!!
Great if you are reward member.
Hot meal for an affordable price
2 for $3 is s great deal
No words. I really like this place.
Absolute worst mcdonalds ive been to
Bad service. 30 minutes waiting for a coffee.
It's always good to have a big mac
"The new chicken fingers were
great!"
Drive thru takes too long. Always long line.
There ice cream macine was obviously broken again
McDonald's is McDonald's. Convenient and inexpensive. What else can I say?
That one tall young black dude is cool
Worst service ever from the store manager wow .
if they were busy, they have no quality
VERY NICE,GOOD GREAT SERVICE.
Prompt drive thru service. No wait!
Professional. Nice service.  Reasional prices.
great employees,  good food
It took 18 minutes to get two cheeseburgers and a Coke
Convenient ordering especially during this epidemic
Some stuff was missing and wasn't cooked right
it's MCDonald !
Great service and good food
Beautiful place and clean.
Busy place...good service
Big portion of chips nice food
Great good friendly service.
Great cashier, lousy service!
Poor drive-through service
Customer service is not that good so
Fresh food and quick service
Love how it has a massive soft play in it
Rarely get my orders right!
Reliable, inexpensive, pretty good and a value
Clean place great staff
Its a very convenient and very calm and chill place
It ½ï¿
Everything was good!!!!
Fast service and nice staff.
They didn't have coke.
Slow service and Food Not Fresh
The best french fries
Fast service, regular mcDonald's food
Always a good value
Good customer service and people
My kids love to eat at McDonald's
Nuggets and fries.... good!
Customer service was excellent.
Expensive! But great spirits!
My sweet tea was sour.
Clean restaurant and good food
This place has amazing services
Unbelievable...9 minutes for a tiny cheeseburger
Newly renovated with up to date technology
I always a Macdonald's fanatic!
Slow and bad service
Best thing in USA
Very good service and food
the front counter the really Bad they treat people bad
How does a McDonalds run out of Coke!? Come on!
Love their caramel frappe
Great place to eat
Never get orders right
Drove thru wrong item given
Wish it had Halal food too
One of my favorite places
Ice cream machine was broken
Not great food
This food will kill you
Clean and fast service.
Great and hot food.
Good food fast service
Usual fare available. Fries rule.
Good place and is 24 hours.
Clean and fast service!!
The McMuffin were pretty.
The princess was treated like a queen
Great service!
Love McDonald's
Fresh and clean
Takes forever, always people in line
Depends on the crew that is working the shift
Clean friendly and fast
I'll Try.... [Gasping] It is Okay!
Always a kids favorite place
As usual....poor service
I mean it's McDonald's what can you expect
Great service and staff
Lady was really rude from comtcer
Good for quick Bite
Made it right this time  
Can't go wrong with mcdonlads
Very fast and polite.
Enjoy  good  things
Over priced and old food
Fast foog
Customer service was horrible
Great service with a smile
Very good
VERY,VERY NICE EMPLOYEES !
The restaurant was very clean
New quarter pounder is the bomb!
Fast and courteous service
Fast great service
I love it so much
Good food as always
4 Stars on the Healthy items 
Always quick service
Not as good as it used to be for sure
The worst service ever.
ýýýýýýýý
The worst service!
Excellencent food and service
Good food...fresh
Nasty just get Wendys
Worst Customer Services
Yummy
Food was not fresh
Prices are higher than most.
Good
Just ok.
Good app
So so burrito hard tortilla
Poor customer service
Don't recommend this place
The burgers were cold
Love the App Deals
I like this place and food.
Very good
Got breadfas all day
Good food
Noce and quick
William likes the playhouse.
Good food
My sons favorite.
Always good
It's Mickey D's lol
They were racists.
One more mackye
The food is amazing
Worse service ever !!!
I was good food
The biscuit was very bad
Restrooms could be better
Great play ground
Very friendly staff
Very poor service
Poor Quality food
Good food
Cold food
Good coffee
It's McDonald's...
Good service
Bad service!!!!!!! Rude workers!!!!
Dollar menu awsome
Nice staff
Nice place to be with friends
It's fast food
Nice!
Service was great
It is fast and tasty
Great food
too greasy and cold
fun once and while
Excellent staff.
Not real food
Awesome.
Good.
No phone service
I love it
It was ok place
Perfect and clean
Slow service
Very good.
Go-to for iced coffee!
Was fast today.
Slow serves
Loveable
I love the saled
It was good
Great fries.
the service was slow
Usually great
Great food
Fast service!
I'm lovin it
Great meals
Excellent prices
Love it
Amazing service
Horrible Service
Love it
Ok
Bad,bad serves.
So so
Love it
Fast service  
Yet another one.
Cheap bugers
Great service
Service with a smile.
Bad service
Bad service
Good service
Good service
Clean and fast
Slow service
Ok
Excellent attention....
Excellent attention
Dislike
Not what I expected.
McDonalds
Ok
Convenient location!
Good
Nice associates
Ok
Good
Great attitude
Hot and fresh
Fast
Long lines.
Friendly staff
Fast
Is excelent
really good
Good
Excellent
Good
Nice
Good
Cool
Trash
Very clean
Love this place
Like all McDonald's
Good
Ok
Good
Best
Nice
Good
Good
Correct
Super fast!!!!
Good
Fast service
Fast
Horrible
I love it !
Bad
Another McDonald's
Go
Okay service
Friendly employees
Love McDonald's
I love that
Show
Economic
Kids
Wow
Okay
Fat
Your in and out
Yummy fries
Careless employees
Friendly
Friendly people!!
It's a mcdonalds,
Cold Food.  ½ï¿½
McDonald's as usual
It's McDonald's.
Thrash  ½ï
McDonald's!
Everyone should take a customer service course. Not even a good morning or a smile. If you arrived badly, then you come out worse. Lol. They also don't ask about the rewards you have to tell them one.
The atmosphere in general is good. They should improve the issue of bathrooms, very dirty.
I went on Saturday to eat and I was fascinated because all the food was hot, plus the service and the speed left me speechless.
Fast and accurate service
The worst Mac Donald I have ever visited in my life the treatment of the staff towards the customers is totally despicable, you practically have to get the words out of it why they look at you and talk to you with contempt the food took 34 minutes exactly when the food finally arrived it was completely cold they didn't give me glasses they didn't put napkins they didn't put sauce. Not to mention the workers inside yelling at each other. A. I almost forgot, a client returned some hamburgers because it was not as he had ordered them, they opened them, they took out the vegetables and returned it to him, that is not allowed.
Excellent place to spend Laayoune vacations
I only took one glass and it was very thick. They should make them softer when drinking it.
The attention is not the best. I understand it's work under Strees, but if The Crew Leader teaches the public how to drive, they'll make a good team. This happens in most of this food chain.
The attention was not good. Neither the cashier nor the one who gave me the happy meal were kind, I asked to change the toy because my son already had it and he responded in a bad way that there was no more.
If you want to have an unpleasant time, go to the drive of this mcDonald's, they are all wrong from the first to the last and could it be that now the mcflury is just ice cream with a cookie sprinkle on top?
It is the ideal place to get out of the rush for a moment, to enter and eat any of its products that are good; both in its food and good and fast in the attention.
"God these McDonald's people don't want to work I've gone several times at 2 in the morning and they always tell me it's the breakfast menu, and when I check on Uber the menu is the regular menu, it's just that they don't t want to make my food, and there are several times that they have done it to me really that horrible.

I do not recommend this place at all, rather they should close it, I have gone several times at 2am to place my orders and they simply say that the menu they have is for breakfast and they never want to take out my order when I go at that time, and likewise with Uber eats orders. This place is really not worth it, very disappointed in the services of all the McDonald's staff who work there, they shouldn't have people like that..."
"I had an excellent experience in this place, the girl who served us at night through the drive thru was super friendly and cordial, she gave us information about what we asked her and she explained everything with pleasure.

highly recommended"
I liked this McDonald's because it has a park for the children. Little McDonald's have that
I really like their nuggets and the spicy mustard sauce that you can only find there, their fries are one of the best in terms of fast food, their tasty hamburgers, this chain always tries to innovate and renew the image of its establishments. some have modern tables and chairs, children have a park area where they can play, and they have a children's menu. The staff is friendly, and you can order from the car to go or also order through uber eat to have your food delivered to your home.
The milk shake is very rich. But a lot of sugar.
All good excellent ï¿½ï
I ordered a cold brew frappe and they gave me a frozen Coke, I asked for long fries and they gave me half, all in Uber eat, lousy McDonald's and bad employers
I love
Great attention ï¿½ï¿½
I have gone several times "because it is the one that is closest to me" and the truth is that they always give me the wrong order. ï¿½ï
Employee with bad attitude too long to wait to order
"I didn't like the service.
I did not like the service."
Excellent children's food, nuggets and freshly prepared potatoes, the milk was cold and the attention was very good
The food is good, but the portions are very small for the price. The attention is good, the place clean and organized, the bathroom clean and modern. I love McDonald's!
Bad service. They didn't even put me sauce and they delivered burnt cinnamon rolls.
On several occasions I have gone, I bought and then I did not get what I asked for or requested and I have to exchange it for something else. They should be more aware of their inventory
Well, the truth is that it has lost its quality and attention, very few employees do not recommend it
The food was ready very quickly, the place was super neat! The quality of the food especially the fries is excellent!
It is a place to take the children to have them play. They often get the orders wrong. But overall it's not that bad
Poor service on takeout orders and the toilets were not that clean
"Beautiful and newly remodeled, really nice and the service at half speed for Covid reasons.
Recommended...  ½"
Very tasty everything as always
Very bad service, I asked someone if they speak Spanish, they said no and then I speak Spanish, I won't go back there, what a disappointment in the service ï¿½ï
The mask against the virus did not let me speak English well with the girl from the driver though up
I love the good attitude of the employees
I ordered a big mac and it was spectacular as always, the chips were too good
a standard Mcdonald store... but they quickly noticed the error in the totem... there is a children's play area...
Very good as always. Oh, and in the one you visit you can eat inside the premises.
fast here
"This was a quick stop for a bite to tide us over with my a couple of the kids with us. We went thru the drive thru and even though it was slow business, we were put off to wait a couple of minutes and the assistant that took the order was very crisp and short in his interaction.He stated the price and told us to pay at the window where we were completely ignored for another several minutes while he (I'm assuming) took the order for the people behind us. When he finally took our payment and we moved forward to the window to receive our order, only half of the order was correct, and none of the condiments we requested were included. That kept us trying to get it sorted.
As a supervisor and a manager, I would hope review for management as well as employees could be considered in improving the atmosphere. It will be a place I will think twice before visiting again.
If you plan on stopping in, be prepared to take your time to make sure things are correct before leaving. Be accountable for your time if you want your order correct."
The lobby was absolutely disgusting. Trash and food all over the floor. Staff didn't even come to the front to take orders they just expect you to use the kiosk. The kiosk numbers were covered in sticky stuff. We asked a staff member a question and they flat out ignored us and walked away. I don't recommend this location.
The store was filthy. Employees were using profanities in the back where customers upfront could hear. Two female employees were playing on there phone. What a horrible experience.
"I was doordashing at the time, I would never eat at McDonald's because I'm Vegan. Just want to make that clear.
This experience was not the best demonstration of a streamlined or very efficient process in expediting fast food.

The order I was waiting on took a whooping 15 minutes and was given to someone else without an apology. That being said, I would have rated them with 1 star but I decided to walk in and watch the process.
The customer service was what I would expect given the employees having to deal with the distractions from the crowd of people inquiring about their order.

* Customers can look up at the monitors above the counter to see the process of their order.

The average gluttonous ""starving"" American that eats at McDonald's behaves as though their needs are of paramount importance. It's one of the best examples you can witness of bloated self-entitlement.
McDonald's employees, you are doing a good job and on behalf of the Jerry Springer audience members that eat at your restaurant. Please forgive them."
"Went to pick up a mobile order at 3:45AM. Only option was to go through drive thru. I arrived and the drive through staff said they were closed despite the app and website saying they are a 24/7 location.

I paid in full through the app, and they said I wouldn   t receive a refund for an hour. I asked for the refund immediately and the clerk ignored me. Upset that they"
Lobby Hours 8 am- whenever they feel like locking the doors. I showed up at 7:10 pm FIFTY MINUTES BEFORE SCHEDULED CLOSING, TO ALL THE DOORS LOCKED. I am on foot because I'm staying at a nearby hotel. WALKED THROUGH FREEZING RAIN. In hopes of just getting something quick and going back to my hotel. THANKS FOR WASTING MY TIME!
I was at this location on 2/5/23. Went through the drive-thru and the lady taking order was a little rude.  I drove off and went inside. Omg, the expo person was standing there drinking a soda as she's bagging  food. One of the cooks had so much hair, even  though  he had on a hat he needed a hair net as well. Went to get my drink, and I quickly changed my mind to a bottle of water. The drink station sickened me, I dared not get ice or a drink from there. Won't  be back, I'm sure you don't care. Most disgusting!!!!
"It's okay, being in downtown slc homeless-ness is a problem and being approached by homeless people and angry drivers is not uncommon! The wait was long almost 15 minutes for 2 drinks, I understand it can be hard with big crowds on employees!

5/10 It's a McDonald's so hit it up if your looking for food in the area fast food doesn't get much better than this in slc!"
I came right at closing time and the manager took my order then when I got to the first window I was told sorry we are closed. I told him someone repeated my order and went to ask at the same time the manager came to the first window after telling his coworker the situation the manager hurry and got payment then hurried back to round up my order while everyone else was getting ready to leave he then got my order to me fast and fresh I couldn't have been more pleased with the service and the good attitude. If the workforce had more employees like this  manager the world would be a lot better place to work in
Food is always good but they're very rude when speaking on the phone. I called to see when the dining area was open and the lady just gave me a very blunt, rude response. I said thank you and have a good day but she just hung up.
This McDondald   s has the worst customer service. The workers at the drive through are just very rude. I get you work with a lot of different people each day but if you can   t be kind, or you ha
This McDonald   s trash especially at night. Ice cream machine never works so thankfully I got some at home. Honestly wo
"The prices are better in Utah than Idaho or Minnesota. Also, the McDonald's app has great deals. If you do the survey on the recite than you get a buy one get one free discount.
Since I have frequented McDonald's for a long time, I must admit that I have mixed sentiments regarding the eatery. On the one side, the meal is typically pretty decent, and I like the quick and convenient service. However, there are some problems that I've come to realize over time that make me feel like the experience isn't as positive as it once was.

The rising costs of the products on the menu are one of my main worries. Every time I visit McDonald's, it seems like the costs have increased once again. This makes it challenging to continue frequenting them as much as I once did, especially with the availability of more economical fast food alternatives.

Another problem is that McDonald's used to give frequent and significant discounts and promotions, but lately they seem to be less frequent and generous. This is disappointing because I've always valued the ability to occasionally save a few dollars on my lunch.

Having said that, there are still a few aspects of McDonald's that I genuinely value. The majority of the cuisine is delicious and good, and the quickness of service is still unmatched. The restaurant is always spotless and well-kept, making it a perfect choice if you need a fast dinner on the run. Overall, I would say that McDonald's is still a good option for fast food, but because of the rising costs and less promotions, it has lost its place as my top pick. However, a typical McDonald's burger and fries are a great choice if you're searching for a quick and delectable dinner."
literally didn   t give me my order, then made me wait over 40 minutes to    fix it ½ï¿½ï
This is the worst McDonald   s I   ve ever experienced. Your late night manager literally slammed the door in my face and locked 
Waited 40 minutes in the drive-through line, only to have my fries be so over cooked that they were in-edible. 0 out of 5 stars
Expect to wait 15-20 min for drive thru. Recieved our sweet teas at the window, and it had a bit of coffee taste. The person at the window sampled the tea and said it tastes like tea. NOT to us. Seemed very frustrated. She asked us what we would like. I told her Dr pepper, and before I could tell her the rest of the drink order, she rushes off and gets us 3 dr peppers. Then when we corrected her, she said we asjed for 3 dr peppers. This is my burger without onions and pickles. What you see on my fingers is grease from the burger. Good luck getting your food here.
The truth is that I feel offended by the Mananger, he yelled at me as if I were his employee!  I really don't understand, I just asked him a question about an order that is already prepared and ready!  and he doesn't deliver it to me because he doesn't feel like it. I work as a delivery person for DoorDash. It's ridiculous to have to stand in line at the drive thru to get something that's already done, really, 0 star!  I work every night at that site and I have never had a problem with any of the cographers everyone is friendly and professional
Ordered a few McDoubles and a 6 pc nugget kids meal. Asked for extra fries for the kids meal but was denied the request. Beef Patties were old on the McDoubles, nuggets were old and cold but there were plenty of customers so I don ½
What is a good stop at McDonald   s. I don   t go often but when I do usually grabbing a 2C combo. Reminds me the old Californi
This McDonald's is ok when service is concerned. They also have automated services where you can place your orders, and the food comes out really fast.. but the place was a bit dirty, especially the restrooms.
Excellent customer service. The gentleman at the drive thru was friendly, helpful, and courteous.
Service was slow. 3 cars went in the other lane before someone helped me in the drive-through.  My mocha tasted more like plain coffee, it had almost no flavor.
It was bad enough when the dining room soda machine converted to the one nozzle machine, but they also did it to the drive thru. So now all their soda tastes nasty. I thought McDonald's was supposed to have great tasting sodas, not sodas that taste like suicides. Not to mention their staff can't figure out basic orders and there's a 90% chance your order is going to be wrong in some way. Added with the homless going up to every person, this spot used to be okay and nows it's more like the last resort.
Worst McDonald   s experience to date.  Attempted to use drive-thru code at time of order, and was refused. Placed our order that would include the discount when code was applied. Pulled up to the window to a frumpy red-headed clown of an employee that promptly slammed the card reader through my window with nigh a word. I asked to have our discount code applied, and he begrudgingly got his scanner out to read the QR code, but he had wrung the order up incorrectly, so the discount was not applying. He requested assistance from his manager, and their solution was to add a second premium drink to the order at an up charge. All staff came across dower and melancholy. Even when I commented that I was concerned about the accuracy, and that this had been a terrible experience, I was ignored. I don   t know if they beat their employees on a regular basis to keep sýýýll ever go back to this location again.
Bathrooms were absolutely disgusting tampons on the ground before you walk into the building just really dirty
Food was good, however I ordered cheese on a hot n spicy Mc chicken. They charged me for the cheese but didn't put it on my sandwich.  Other than that all was good.
"It was very cheap compared to what I'm used to in California. $20 can easily buy two full combo meals, likely even more.

Food is decent as expected."
Can not even order food they were not even incompetent enough to make an order.
I don   t know if they all hate their job but this was probably THE worst location I   ve been to. One, they didn   t have my order correctly after telling them we were missing items they looked at me as if I was stupid. Second, their frie
There were 4 cars that were able to order at the drive thru and pull forward before the lady in my drive thru even got to me.
"DO NOT GO TO THIS MCDONALD'S UNLESS YOU SPEAK SPANISH!!!!  Every Sunday I go get breakfast for my brother.
Every time I order the same thing 2 burritos SMALL COFFEE WITH 4 SUGARS. They have not got the order right YET! Why cause everyone that works there is a Mexican that can't speak or read English.
I took back the coffee again cause the sticker & receipt 4 Sugar. I got coffee with 4 Creamer BECAUSE THEY CAN'T READ ENGLISH."
Tonight 02/17/23 I was in this McDonald's, things were calm and fine. Then all of the sudden, some guy started yelling at the staff about customer service. Demanding customer service number to complain. Fine, that's his right. But as the lady at the register tried to help him, he kept yelling at her. They said that he was an officer in the Army. To me, that is disgraceful and highly insulting that anyone would use rank and the military to treat people like that. I don't believe he is any sort of military let alone an officer.  And I did tell him that "if he is a retired military officer, he is a disgrace of a former officer." To which he wanted to go out and fight me. Furthering my belief he is no officer. I was an E-4 Specialist and know that he or any other member of any military force is trained to use rank or status as an excuse to belittle anyone. And if you do you disgrace the uniform the military and your country by treating anyone with disrespect.  I'll stand up to anyone who tries's that type of behavior.  The staff at McDonald's was doing a fantastic job, my food is delicious.  Thank you!
Lobby ordering is only open M-F 11am-2pm. Without a car for drive up window or App, you are out of luck. I ½ï¿½ï
Usually busy but they get you through there pretty fast. Watch out for the homeless people this McDonald 
I didn't get a chance to try it. Went to pick up some McDonald's from this 24-hour location at 3:00 a.m. but no one would respond at the drive-thru speaker. When I drove up to the window the two gentlemen inside acted like they couldn't see me. I honked and waved my arms and it was clear that they could see me but they would not acknowledge my presence. Totally unacceptable and unprofessional. If you're under staffed or closed, put a sign on the door or at the drive-thru...
The only good thing about the location is it's cleanliness. I ordered at the kiosk and took a table number for dine in. They didnt being me my food. I had to grab in from the counter. Defeats the purpose of using table numbers. Then the employee tried to hold my drink from me. Had to tell him I had in fact ordered the drink he took away. When I unwrapped the burger it was slanted a good 60 ½. How hard is it to stack a sandwich? Staff don't 
If you order at the desk you feel like they're bothered. They don't display any type of customer service at all. When I get a mcflurry they don't mix it or even fill it anywhere near the top. Steer clear.
They didn't skimp on the sauce on my spicy Mchickens
This McDonald's location struggles to pur out decent food reliability.. or quickly. The line is generally long and slow, food comes out cold,
This has to be the worst McDonalds! The food is never hot and never fresh.  I went there again tonight since it's the only place open.   The fries were warm and tasted like they had been cooked in an air frier and the burger was cold and tasted like it had been sitting for hours.   This places stays pretty busy so there is no excuse for poor quality of food imo.   Avoid unless it's your only option.
Next time I'll just tell them to suprises me, they never get my order right anyway ï¿½ï
The tomato on the hamburger tasted FUNKY tonight, really gross. And chicken nuggets were stale and cold.
Says it's 24 hours and was turned away at about 3 am. Don't say you are 24 hours if you are not a 24 hour location. What do you not understand about being a 24/7 location???
Horrible. Spent 30 minutes in the breakfast drive thru. Don ½ï¿½ï¿½
Waited in line 20+ minutes only to get someone else's order and no way to get our correct order because they don't answer the phone and they're too busy. Super irritating.
They have the worse customer service, and there food is never fresh. Even if you ask for fresh food they still give you non fresh food, and they have the ugliest attitude
If you going to close the lobby despite being listed as open 24 hours at least don't ignore people walking up to order at the drive thru on foot!
Google says they are open 24 hours. They guy in the drive through turned us away at 3:30 am and told us they close at 2:00
McDonald's will always have the best fries.
The tables are all filthy, the service sucks. They messed up our order twice and acted put out when asked to fix it. Never again!
I show up at 10/23/2022 at 5:50 am.   The door was closed, only the drive through was open.  I was staying at a hotel and didn't have a lot of options for breakfast and didn't have a car.  The guy working their was super nice, took my order at the drive through even though I was on foot.  He was doing everything , taking orders, making the food..  McDonalds, give that guy a raise!  Thanks.
Everytime I go here they get something wrong ï¿½ï
Was just told they were closed at 3:30 am. Restaurant says it ½ï
Cleanliness is taken full care of here, the thoughts of the working staff are very good.
Went this morning and my hashbrown wasn   t cooked all the way. My sodas was wro
Went through the drive through late at night but they were super nice even though they were super busy
Cold food usually and missing orders constantly. Any other McDonald ½
The people that work there they aren't friendly they ignore the customers
Busy place, not too ghetto. But the McRib is not that good, and they gave me a medium fries that is smaller than a small fries
Wow! For starters, the place was trashed. Litteraly every single table was dirty, and the floor need to be swept badly. Had to go up and ask for lids because they had not stocked anything in the lobby. I willing to give places like this a second chance if I see effert... But I saw none from the staff. It was not remotely busy and staff still did virtually nothing to improve the cleanliness of the lobby. Needless to say I will not be returning.
"Not open for pedestrians until 11am. I had to queue up with my legs, as if I were a car. When I got to the screen, noone answered me - guess it only responds to humans in cars. Helpful staff inside directed me to order this way, but it didn't work. If you don't have a car, don't bother!
Still reeling from the embarrassment ï¿½ï"
I don't know that happened to this business. Service and food has fallen through the floor. Prices are climbing, so we got that going for us ï¿½ï
The absolute worst location. The people are rude and order has been wrong the last 4x I ½ï¿½
This location was surprisingly clean. Our order was made quickly and everything was fresh. It was a good stop for a quick bite.
Worst experience ever!! First the cashier gave me attitude about using the app for the $1 large fries, he sighed when I showed it to him. Then said in a rude tone that I need to show him the bar code (in the past I just show them the number and they type it in) Then literally rolled his eyes when I told him it was Apple Pay and said    whatever    Then stared at me after taking the Apple Pay, so I figured I would get the receipt at the next window. I pulled up to the next window and they told me the other guy has thrown the receipt away. Got home, looked to see how much I was charged and he did not apply the app discount to the fries.  My fries that I had ordered well done,  both large and medium were cold and soft (I live a block away) the nuggets were old and the cheeseburger bun was not soft. I was there today, a Sunday at 6 pm ( dinner time, things shor charged for cold, not fresh food
A lot of stores are Really slow with their service. What bothers me more, is that no 2 McDonald   s has the same rules. Is the lobby open today? Or at this hour? At this store? Plus not all have a pickup. Especially no pickup for Door Dash. They make us go insideï¿½ï¿½
Nobody spoke English well enough to get my order correct. The food sucked as did the employees who were dirty and unkempt almost as bad as the restaurant was. NEVER AGAIN!
The drive thru can get backed up, but it   s a busy place. The parking is very strict so be careful if you   re trying to
It's McDonald's, you know the food and taste there, it never changes
If you want service apparently you HAVE to go through drive through.
Well earlier today. I placed 2 separate orders, but when I arrived there doors were locked, there was no letter or any sort of notice explaining why, but what confuses me more is they had people inside ordering and sitting down inside not happy with that location!!
OK, I guess I need to stop going to ANY Mcdonalds.  Was in a hurry and ordered a double cheese and a small order of fries.  They have two pickup windows and I watched both windows handing out food.  So when the line moved up I drove to the furthest window.  and sat, and sat and watched 4 other cars pick up their food at the window behind me.   a good 5 minutes passed and I backed up to the window where the food was being handed out and the person, basically, THREW the food at me without a word.  10 steps... 10 steps to bring me my food or something... but nothing.  And then  the fries were cold and the bun on the burger was stale.   You get what you pay for and you get what you deserve if you go to a Salt Lake McDonalds.
Fast service and the staff always have a friendly attitude.
I ordered on mobile. Came to the McDonalds to pick up    50 minutes in the drive through. By the time I got my food it was all cold. Wasted my money. They told me the wait was so l
Slow and I am no longer in the area a little after then I will be home all day but it is an apartment and if something does need to be signed for the front desk can do that any day M-S or any of the information included. I am not going on the website to be sure to send it out of state or state to send me the link and I'll get you a copy and I'll get you the money to you by tomorrow afternoon and I'll get you sick and I will.
Okay I know it is McDonald's but it is a very good fast food store.  For the price, the quality is good. I also like their app.
It's great close to work quick and always fresh
This McDonalds comes with a free homeless show when utilizing the dine in option. No purchase necessary, subject to talent intoxication levels, results may very.
5 stars for consistency.  If you like McDonald's you'll like this location.  If you're not a fan, this location wont win you over, it's McDonald's.
Food was okay wasn ½
Food was cold nuggets not crispy or fully cooked so disappointed in the fry's let down  
This restaurant is advertised as 24 hours. I waited over 10 minutes in the drive through, with at least 5 other cars, only to have no response from the speaker. Then, they shut the lights off, and still no communication. Staff was seen inside working, but no attempt was made to tell waiting customers that they were refusing to serve them.
Only the drive through is open 24 hrs. Walk in only open until 8 pm
Was missing the hash browns from my meals which made my 12 hr drive back to Canada v v sad  
Employees were slovenly. One employee had her boyfriend behind the counter whispering in her ear instead of taking our order. Took 10 minutes to get a diet coke
Drive through only. Lines run fast. Food is fresh and Hot. Love the celebrity meals.
Lobby was closed with no sign or reason why, no curbside spots and super long drive thru wait. Attempts to call to see why lobby was closed but no one would answer the phone.
Everything was OK except all the food was placed in one bag over the top. I asked for several bags and the problem was fixed.
Food was good and came quickly.  Staff friendly.
Had a company party here and they were very friendly about accommodating 30 of us. TBH, none of us were expecting much from the food and we were all quite surprised at how good it was. Well do this place again and also add it to our lunch rotation.
This is THE absolute slowest McD's in Salt lake City hands down!! If it wasn't such a long wait!! Damn near almost ran out of gas waiting for my 1 hot n spicy sandwich with a medium fry!! No Joke!! This would probably be a pretty good McDonald's if they'd learn to put some more pep in their step!!
Went to this location and went through and the first thing that happened is someone started moaning in the mic. Then we ordered 2 large fries and 1 small fry, and they tried to say we ordered 2 large drinks and a small fry it was ridiculous. They were to busy making inappropriate sounds instead of doing their job. If I could give less then one star I would. Will NOT ever come here again.
"While I'm there lots of wrong orders thought they won't mistake mine
Didn't find put except after I left"
I wanted these guys to be better than the other locations nearby, but they are all the same. Open your lobby. It   s 8 pm. 25 car lines waiting for AT LEAST 20 minutes is horrible. All McDonal
Do not order from here there was a hair in my soda!
Does not attend to the needs of a driver delivering food as they make you wait through the drivethru when the order is ready sitting on the counter while you're 10 Cars back. Food is getting cold and they expect you to wait and then deliver this cold food to the customer when you finally get it? What a lousy way of attending drivers, new employees or new management is much needed for this joke of a restaurant.
This place sucks they worrie about drive through and leave the lobby wit people wait for their food for more then 30 mins my kids were hungry gave us the wrong happy 3 times I will never go back to this one. I am givin it 5 stars jus so people will be able to see the review
This location is a joke. There   s a whole line all The way out in the street and we have all b
Loved everything from the service to the food. Between the promotions and coupons I save money. The loyalty points build up then I can get a free item. Today O had a large mocha frappe. Yum
So there is no way to get food from this McDonald   s unless you are driving in a vehicle    You have an entire lobby that could be fulfilling the orders of patrons without vehicles or staying in your nearby hotels
I went to walk in the lobby and the doors were locked 20 minutes before closing time. Horrible customer service!
The only thing I gets from this place is iced vanilla coffee, however, sad to say, I always have to go back just to let them know that they need to put some more flavor in their iced coffees cuz they are completely "BLAND". Other than that, food is always served hot & fresh except we're ALWAYS cheated out on our French fries. We order large but they give us huge cartons half filled.
This restaurant has to learn how to treat delivery driver professionally and properly. I went picking up an order and wait in the drive through for 35 minutes, and it ended with them telling me they couldn   t make the order because they turned off the screen! The only reason they couldn   t fulfill the order is because of their laziness because I have seen other McDona
"Working a graveyard shift in the area, I thought of grabbing a quick bite while on a quick break. Pulling into the drive-thru, after vehicles in front have ordered, female worker mumbled something about their system    updating    and asked to wait. As I waited for a few moments, she then rudely told me that it was still updating and couldn   t take my order, even though she took an order ahead of me. I asked how long it would take, but no answer was given. I asked again, she continued to say it was updating and that she couldn   t take my order. I finally started putting in a mobile order to make it easier on their end, but she got back on again and rudely said  ½ho while their system updated. So I decided to leave to find another place to grab a quick bite, only to hear her say that she did mention they were closed if I were listening to her.

Another driver in the other stall was having the same issue with another male employee, but was actually nice enough to let them know they were temporarily closed until further notice.

Clear unprofessional attitude from this female employee. Definitely needs to be taught better in respect and in having better customer service skills. Guess when you get paid minimum wage, I   d be miserable too. Bu"
Don 
The dining room is neglected every morning at this location. So much so that the workers refuse to take orders at the register. You have to use the keosks and if you want a sausage biscuit in a meal there is no way to order it with cheese in a meal.  Half the time the soda says it's out of stock unless you order a meal. Floor is filthy in front of the soda machines. Lids not stocked. Garbages in dining room full to overflowing. Kid came out and cleaned ALL the tables with the same cloth and no cleaning spray whatsoever.
They are good at making McDonald's food
"Salt Lake City fast becoming a toilet.
Elect leftist officials who live insulated from the population, this 'Pelosi-ing is a blight.
What a mess."
Wish I could give them no stars cause this Mcdonald sucks everytime we go there they forget something in our order I will not be going back to this store plus the employees and mangers are very rude. DONT GO THERE THEY WILL ONLY RIP YOU OFF!!!!
The food was good the price was reasonable and the people at the drive-thru were very kind. We got through in a reasonable amount of time. We did not use their playground this time but from past experience I can say that my little one really does like it quite a bit. To the point I can barely get him away.
Don   t
This location took really long to process orders and get their line moving. I even had a mobile order, and at about 10:15pm I had to take the drive through. Took 20 minutes. They kept putting the wrong order on the screen at the ordering area. Guy who talked to me was pretty rude when I tried to let him know what was going on. Pretty sure it the gentleman in a tie that gave me my receipt.
I do not know what it is about this location but their coffee every time I go is so damn good. Their morning crew must be fire! Not gonna lie fast service, not crazy friendly but fast and breakfast has always been in point.
Trash. Customer service is trash.   I'll never want mcdonalds for real.  Been 3 weeks since tomorrow.
We ordered and got it &it was hot and right
I wanted to order but they didn't have a curbside option and they weren't open for dining in. A bunch of people tries going through the drive thru but because we didn't have cars they wouldn't even talk to us. There were a lot of other customers too.
The service and food was so-so, but what do you expect from McDonald's?
Literally the best mcdonalds to go to in the early early a.m. but watch out for the overcooked or stale fries. Hardly ever been there and systems updating or down so it's my go to spot when alot of places are closed.
Posting this review in hopes that someone sees it. My number one complaint is the hours listed; it says 24hrs but that is not true. I'm not sure when they actually close, but I've been there at midnight, way later around 2am and 3am, and they're closed. The funny thing is that there's usually someone inside to tell me that they're closed.. I don't mind that they close early, but they need to correct their hours if that's the case. I frequently get off work rather late and I'm usually pretty hungry, I can go somewhere else but this location ~would~ be convenient for me for how close it is to my work. It's also frustrating that they allow me to pay on the app and then not get my food. Please adjust your hours online and on the app so people like me don't get their hopes up.
Sammy's were way to hot, but the coffee was cold.
Drive through. Asked [by manager?] to pull to the side and wait 5 minutes for apple pies to finish cooking. No problem. Received 80% of my order after those 5 minutes. Both sandwiches handed to me cold. Said he forgot 1 of my drinks and he   d brb. 25-30 MINUTES LATER AND NO ONE IS ANYWHERE    I circle through drive through again and ask to speak to the first guy - I just want my drink and the missing sauces. He   s MIA? The gentleman who help
I want the word to go out about James at this location. He is the worst manager ever! And to the Watson group that owns this location, I'm going to make sure that I spread the word not to visit this location because of James. We waited over 10 minutes because you had only one drive thru open and things were going slow. Well the clock just turned to 11 and we wanted breakfast. They told us no. Even though we were in line long before then and it is not our fault that everything was going slow. I called James and I was upset. I didn't swear but instead of him understanding how this would be frustrating, he just kept giving excuse after excuse and then whined that he wasn't going to talk anymore and hung up on me. Like I said, I didn't swear but I let him know that it was rude how they treat people. IF I CAN GIVE ZERO BECAUSE OF JAMES, I WOULD! Learn to understand your customers. Until then,  everyone stay away from here!
Food was good for McDonalds but the crewmembers seemed a little distracted
I don   t personally eat here, my kids eat the fires and it ½
Trash was overflowing, Coke dispenser was out of syrup and worst of all my hamburger was raw. Not a good experience.
This is my first time eating at this location but probably might try it again for a better review but nothing about my meal was normal except for all the lettuce falling out of my big Mac nothing was excessively old but just seemed like they have us stuff that was about time to get thrown away none of my food was hot it was semi warm the nuggets weren't the greatest I don't waste food so I still ate it but I will give this location another shot to see if i can get better food for the price I a paid
"Hit or miss with this on. On some occasions the service is good, but mostly bad. One Saturday morning myself and another car pulled up to the drive thru and waited for almost 2 minutes. I pulled forward and went inside got my order and as I was leaving saw the other car just pulling up to the pick up window.  Food is typically warm not hot
9/18/22 sat at the drive in while they took 3 cars from the other lane after telling me they would be right with me.   Left without ordering most likely won   t "
U know it's McDonald's it's all rite  nothing to big just mickey Dee's  u know q
Due to the app I had a Bic Mac with no purchase necessary. I wasn't looked down upon and was treated like everyone else. I did but a soda but still. They did not know that I was going to do that.
Would leave zero stars but I can   t. The food is nasty. Re dropped fries and burgers that have been in the heater all day. Only good thing is the lobby stays clean with
Drive through staff will short you $5-10 dollars worth of food almost every time. Very slow service.
A much nicer experience than the MCDs on 900 as review 3 weeks or so ago. Staff seemed content being their and the food was cooked. No complaints here
Took them forever to come to the register to take our order and then they let our bag of food sit there forever before they gave it to us. Not happy with our services at all.
30 minutes in the drive through... again.
Really bad experience. We went through the drive through at night and ordered two chocolate shakes. We paid. Got to the pickup window and the lady told us they didn   t have chocolate shakes and asked us if we wanted vanilla or our money back. We told her we wanted our money 
I was on my pedal bike in drive thru...as I have done a countless other locations. A lady come on the speaker and told me the wait time was going to be 25-30 minutes. It was late, I just got off work, and was hungry, so I didn't mind. I wanted some McDonald's! I placed my order and then she told me they do not accept walk-ups. I told her I am on a bicycle, not a walk-up. She told me she was cancelling my order. Needless to say, no McDonald's that night, and now the company has lost my business.
Such a great location with fast & efficient service. It was 3am when I went and I'm sure the employees were tired because it was so busy but Angel and Anthony at this location specifically were SO nice and happy. They were friendly, complimentary, and just overall made the experience 10/10. Usually McDonalds is notorious for giving sub-par experiences, but this one was incredible.
No idea what time the lobby actually closes but 6:30 pm is a bit early. So headed to the drive through with everyone else and by the time I got my food it was already cold.
Me and My Wife went to get ice coffees this morning I asked for extra syrup and cream and what we got was no extra syrup no extra cream and they charged us for the extra cream and syrup that was never put in the coffee. The coffee would   ve tasted better if we didn 
Super disappointed that breakfast isnt all day long anymore which sucks. This isnt the best mcdonalds around thats for sure....staff is kind of rude and has their music blaring. Also i was waiting for my food and one of the workers came up and asked if i was waiting for someone like it was a problem i was there. Only go here if i absolutely have to....last resort for sure. I rather go to a location further from my house to get better service.
These was the 2nd time I had this problem with the same McDonald's. I was hoping that the first time just some kind of mistake. So I fell for it twice.  And at the redickuless price they get like $4 for like 1/4 of a potato. 10 lb for that price in the store.  It will not be happening again! No more fries from this place!!! And all over 1 cents worth of salt. Lmao
Super dirty and very slow. It was 11 at night and there was a small staff but I expected more from McDonaldï¿½ï¿
I love this location cuz it's downtown so it's always super quick.
New Crispy Chicken was dry and no pickles. Tomatoes were end pieces. I get that it's "fast food" but take some pride in what you serve rather than trying to move the drive through line!
Placed an order in the APP, and it was ready in a timely manner!
One time I found throw up in their slide. I always feel like McDonald's is not clean and very professional. Everytime I go there the chairs are sticky. Their food is pretty much fake. Their hamburgers are tiny and the bread is always soggy.
Went there around 10:20pm 11/24. Was expecting old food and cold fries but was delighted to find hot fresh food. The manager on shift made sure I got all of my items. Made my night!
The Hispanic females there were putting hair in people's food
Something happened to their Coke.  Either the mix is off, or they changed a hose.   Either way it is half as good as it once was.   Bummer !!!
I walked there. Would not let me order at the window. I don't see a problem taking an order if you aren't in a vehicle. You get the money before you make the order. And the lady was very rude to me, she slammed the window on me and wouldn't even say for example, our policy doesn't allow us to serve unless you're in a vehicle, sorry, or something of that sort, s hi e was very poorly trained. Remember you do serve the public a n d McDonald's isn't my favorite. It was convinient. It is unhealthy for you. Probably live longer because I never got their food. I'll never go there again.
Dining room was closed with no sign indicating it was. Called to inquire why it was, and female employee was incredibly rude. When I asked why the dining room was closed she gave me a lot of attitude, and said "Uh, because it is? Because we don't have enough people?" As if that should have been obvious (again, there was no sign) That woman needs to learn how to speak to people with respect.
We   ve gone through three times now and it just seems like the person who   s taking your order is n
Had a great time here Maria is the assistant manager and was kind and helped me and got everything I wanted fast.
Go to another nearby location and you'll get better service. All the employees are nice except for one. The trans woman who works nights is ALWAYS SO RUDE, she's the reason I don't go to this location anymore. She goes out of her way to make it so you can't use coupons from the app as well. For example the buy one get one free for quarter pounder, big mac, etc. It can only be used when the sandwiches are rung in not in a meal, she knows this and purposely puts 1 in a meal so that your coupon won't work and when you ask to have it removed from the meal she says no so you have to pay double. Always an attitude. Go to another location nearby.
So as of late, the past month or so, they close the store randomly to save face and not overwhelm the low count of night staff they have. It's 1230 in the morning, no line and the kid working says it's going to take an hour.  When I knownfor a fact it takes about 10 to 15 min. I had placed an order on the app using my free points. Looking to get a quick bite on my Sunday night walk home from my usual business and now I'm down from 2600 points to 100 points...AND STILL HUNGARY!!!! Yall lucky you get a 2 star.. update I now have 1600 points O.o. yall need to properly train your staff and quite frankly I think you should just overhaul the entire place with new staff because what you have now..SUX!
In that whole area that is the best McDonald's they have extremely and friendly employees there very personable. The drive-thru is very fast they are very friendly they repeat orders back to you asked if you would like your receipt ask how your day has been. The parking lot is very clean considering that that area has a lot of problems with litter. Their sodas are always refreshing and cold they don't ever taste watery. they put together their hamburgers meet me so the Patty or the sauces are not dripping or the patties falling out of the bun. I very much recommend this McDonald's than any other McDonald's in the area.
Friendly and helpful but just kinda monotone like the environment of the restaurant. Not bad but nothing special.
I am most certainly not lovin it.
They didn't have fries or ice cream. Let's be honest though, we already knew the second one.
Horrible customer service. They ignore their customers when clearly standing in line.
Ordered a Chocolate Shake and they gave me a mixture of chocolate and mint. I drove back and asked them to fix it. They made me wait 5 minute and gave me a mixture of mainly vanilla ice cream. When I asked they told me thay the machine was not working right! What a ripoff!
I can't remember the time I got good fries from them.   Once in a while there are good employees there that make up for it but I have simply dropped this place from my list of places to go after the last few times I've eaten there.  I should say this is for all McDonald's
Drive through only right now, but the wait was short. The cashier/order taker was efficient and friendly. McDonald's is still a great value with fun food choices. Enjoy the flavor without Covid-19 exposure.
McDonald's as most people already know is one of the most popular burger places. At this location service was pretty good and everything but the thing was that when we got a happy meal the box was the Eternals theme but the toy was from Encanto. I really don't know if they want to make a superhero magic mix  ½ï¿½
High prices, terrible food, stale and customer service lacking. Tried a few times to give them a chance but I ½
Dine in experience was really not fun. :/ Went there to have a nice breakfast out and the cashier got into a screaming match with a customer, and other customers got involved. Bad vibes all around. Food was fine as it's pretty much the same everywhere. I drive twice as far to go to a different McDonald's even though dine-in isn't even offered right now. :/
Literally had two homeless people come to my car while ordering. One of them tried to open my door on the passenger side. The other one reached inside. I am a grown man. This spooked me. Never again will I go to this location.
This location is frequented alot, but the other day was by far the worst experience I've ever had at this location. Not only was I completely disrespected and mocked. My food was terrible,  almost like they KNEW I was coming?. Be careful going coming here.
"So my boyfriend and I ordered a large fries and 2 large drinks. We get to the window to pay l Had a coupon on the app for the large fries. Then I was paying for the rest on venmo. The girl at the register had no idea what she was doing. She had the assistant manager come help her she had no idea what she was doing... Then the manager came and we had now told them over 7 times to just take off the drinks... The manager still had a hard time....
How hard is it to take 2 drinks off an order.
He then was trying to say we had to pay for the fries. He eventually just let us have the fries for free. We also had a second order with another large fries. (we had 2 phone's with Free fries)
They were all rude and didn't care about us at all.
0/5 stars"
When there   s people working, the service is pretty good    today we went to the drive thru and no one was there to take our order ½ï¿
The food quality is good, service is fast. Location is downtown and clientele can be an interesting mix. Staff is a bit hardened, they get the job done but I think they have to put up with some unruly customers and it can affect there friendliness. I receive consistently good quality food.
Pretty solid McD   s.  This one honors the liberty card which gives a free matching sandwich with 
"There was a security guard here in the middle of the day on a Tuesday. Not sure what to make of that.

Food & service was fine."
"Really didn't care much for the area...

Homeless people in and outside of this restaurant. (Not that I dont like them) but made me feel very uncomfortable eating meal with my small child. The lady that took my order overcharged me.... The food tasted great. Even put a Happy meal toy with my big Mac .. but I'm not complaining everyone loves Olaf!  Restaurant has recently been remodeled and seemed fairly clean. I probably won't go back. But it was okay."
Worst McDonald   s on this planet! Don   t order to go the drive through is faster! The
We were visiting. From out of town and came through the drive through for some breakfast. The bacon egg and cheese biscuit was so hard it must have been under the warming light for hours!! It was impossible to eat. My sausage mcmuffin was so dry - not at all what I am used to and I order these regularly. After getting to our hotel room (less than 10 minutes from there) and finding out how terrible our breakfast was we called to let the manager know. Not only did she insinuate that we were lying but was less than professional by far. I have not complained to a fast food establishment for over 4 years. So when I feel food is this substandard and take time out to call I would have expected some common courtesy not an ignorant attitude especially from management. Needless to say when I come back this way I will not be eating at this location. If I were you I wouldn't either!!  
Worst customer experience I   ve ever had. Period.  Night manager read our order back to us extremely quick, thinking she made a mistake I repeated it back to her. She cut me off and told me that I was being rude and to get out of her line and that she wouldn   t give us our food. She continued to tell us how her night would be better once we left her line and how we had made her night so bad. I told I just wanted to make sure she got the order right.. said she didn   t care and told me to get out of line. Craziest thing I ½ï¿
where do I start in the past and present they help me with coin, free food coupon or no coupon like buger king, the youth and all ages help and work together, they even accept older coupons I went to many taco bells, let's see I think the corporation are with  KFC there have been nice to me mostly when I'm so tired and just want one or two items like McDonalds they wait even when there in a hurry I so need that when everyone wants to push through life and I know each day is a blessing I'm so sorry if I combined other types of Corp with Mc Donald's it's hard to remember all who what I don't know how many charters this is I just wanted to say I'm glad people have work all over the world and people buy food and give to others also I hope they increase the fast food as well as resterants workers income very soon they feed us when we're tired and food is to expensive, it helps the farmers with there crops around the world sad to say so many states get hit with disasters and there goes fast food and fun eateries that's all everyone take care and let's keep loving our neighbors world wide agape sister rogers
"The $1 cheeseburgers and chicken sandwiches I order from every McDonald   s were noticeably better here. The extra onions were actually noticeable at this location but what really caught my attention was the beef patty. It was still hot when I got and juicy too so I know it was fresher than most other McDonald   s. The chicken patty was still hot too and I could taste the spice more than usual as well.

This would have been a 5/5 but the drive through speakers wasn "
I come here quite often, and for the most part, it's a normal McDonald's. There is one manager here that frequently yells at his employees for no reason at all, IN FRONT OF THE CUSTOMERS! I honestly feel bad that they have to be treated like that because apparently the manager doesn't understand that places get busy and there will be a wait a bit longer than usual. This location always has homeless people standing/sitting at each exit of the parking lot. One hot, summer day, I was leaving this McDonald's and made the mistake of putting down my windows down before leaving the parking lot. I was stopped by one homeless man and he asked for money, and usually I don't carry cash, but I happened to have a couple quarters in my car, so I gave them to him and he thanked me for helping him and his brother out. I pulled forward a bit more, and his brother stood up, walked over to my car, and I thought he was just going to thank me for the money, but nope! He literally started climbing inside my car to get some food from the passenger seat. He was grabbing me, and had his hands on my steering wheel and I started driving away to get him to stop after offering him some more quarters so he could buy his own food, and he kept yelling at me saying that he wanted the food I had. In the end, I left being robbed of the few bucks I had in coins in my car, and feeling very much violated. Again, this could have been avoided by having my windows up, but I thought it would be worth including that experience in my review. Really not a bad place, but definitely not the best.
Went to eat there tonight and no one was there. It says that you guys are open 24 hours drive thru only but no one was there at the kiosk or at the windows. So please update your business hours.
Man. This. Location. Sucks. So. Bad.
Honestly.. idk who runs this place. But the turnaround time is patheticcccc. Like.. I get is McDonald   s. The expectations are low. But this place routinely has the longest wait time I 
"Since I work graveyards I unfortunately have to rely on McDonald's for food sometimes. I recently started trying to come here since the 7th east location is no  longer open 24 hours. Every time they've been closed for cleaning. If you're going to close update your hours so I don't waste my time driving all the way to you only to have to drive all the way to 2100 south.

Maybe you should stop paying starvation wages and you'd be able to hire an extra hand to help clean lol."
I mean it   s McDonald   s, you ½
Order mcdoubles and chicken nuggets and fries for my kids. Burgers were dry like they had been under heat or light for too long I mean sand dry. Fries were stale not freshly prepared. Was beyond disappointed you work hard to make money twenty something dollars wasted on bad quality food beyond disappointed is an understatement. I won't be coming back to this location.
Watch out for the homeless people in the drive through. Shirtless guy will walk right up to your window and tell you to go F yourself if you don't buy him food.
We went through the drive thru and to start it took too long for anyone to come over the speaker and then they were quiet and hard to understand. One of the things we ordered was "a number two". He was asked what size he wanted and what to drink as part of the order. They didn't give us fries with our combo meal and when the manager FINALLY noticed me he gave us a medium fry not the large we ordered.
I love nothing more than McDonalds fries. It   s hard to imagine that anyone comes to McDonald   s
I've been a few times and 50% of the time it's been great with prompt service and order right but the other half of the time it was long wait and order wrong..  Like I asked for hot n spicy with cheese and double cheeseburger and my burger had one patty and 2 pieces of cheese and the hot n spicy didn't have cheese and the chicken was really dried out and old.. So it's a toss of the dice on how it is... But they are 24 hour so I still go lol
Tried to order before hitting the airport; they asked us to wait a few minutes. We left after 20 without hearing another word.
They charged me for a medium drink for my nieces happy meal, didn't ask for a medium drink. The guy who handed me my food barely acknowledged we were there at the window. He practically threw our food in our window while not even looking. Almost dropped our drinks. He was just shoving our food and drinks out his window blindly. I asked him why we had a medium drink he said he didn't know because it was all automatic. The cashier didn't give us our receipt so I asked him if I could get a copy of my receipt. He stormed off and comes back about a minute later shoves the receipt in my face and tells me if I want a copy of my receipt I need to ask at the first window. I just wanted to know about the medium drink otherwise I wouldn't have needed a copy of my receipt or if the cashier would have given me one I wouldn't have had to ask. Worst McDonald's I have ever been to. Never making that mistake again.
Service was quick but the person taking my order was completely unprofessional and not accommodating at all. Horrible service. When asked for my drink I stated    half coke....    the lady cut me off and aggressively said  ½
They have implemented the self-order kiosk machines and the newer soda dispensers with the touchscreen. Restaurant was clean and everything was in order. Didn't have much interaction with employees there but they seemed nice. Overall great experience. Especially for a McDonald's restaurant, which isn't generally somewhere you go for a good customer experience. I was pleased with my quick visit
What can I say, it's McDonald's but at least when I've gotten food here is been got and as fresh-tasting as one could ever hope for with fast-food. I hate cold fries but I've never gotten any from this store. I've also never been treated poorly here so I have no complaints at all.
McDonald's is a really popular place but i think there also very complacent why do they always put there fish fillet half way off the bun i like the taste of the fish but it would be nice if you added lettuce and tomato to the sandwich that's all
After a few unsuccessful visits, I have the impression you'll be served if the staff happen to feel like it.
I was staying next door at the hotel and decided to stop in for breakfast sandwich and the sandwich was nasty wasn't cooked. But my #1 reason for the one star is the way the manager spoke to her worker in front of customers this was on 9/23/2019. I was like WOW really... Talk to people the way you would want to be spoken to. If you want to be rude talk to the person in the back. But otherwise learn to be a better manager that was unacceptable.
"Great customer service.
Food was old tasting and hard for some items."
I'm sorry. But half the people working here dont have a clue whats going on. 98% of the time I come here, they forget something. Its unbelievable. No other fast food chain has as many issues as any McDonald's does. Blows my mind. And these people want raises? Learn how to do your job if you want a raise.
Just went in to use the bathroom while my friend bought a couple of little burgers. Restroom itself did not seem dirty but I did feel compelled to construct a toilet seat cover from toilet tissue in the absence of actual seat covers available in a dispenser.  
This McDonalds is a joke. What they fail to mention on their hours of operation is at Midnight is that they are not able to take any Orders because their system is updating for at least 45min. Never heard of any other McDonalds closing down just to update. It would be nice if they stated that on google so people don't waste their time and gas for nothing.
This has GOT to be the worst McDonald   s in America. I live next 
We went on Friday night around 11:30, and it was slow. We waited in like for 20 minutes then waited for our order and even to get to the window for thirty minutes. The people on the window and intercom were beyond rude. like i understand you're busy, but you DO NOT need to be rude to your customers, reguardless how busy you are.
Pretty good experience, considering I didn't buy anything this time.  Not too spectacular to get around the peeps hangin around outside for no reason... but it IS downtown... and the only McDonald's for a pretty big radius.  Inside was pretty good, with the new self-order station things.  They've recently done some good renovations.  Not too shabby, McD's... not too shabby.
Forgot cheese on my egg McMuffin. Everyone knows eggs are 1000000 % better with cheese. Not cool at all.
Sometimes there   s a line here around the lunch over her dinner hour but they ½ï¿½ï
Tad bit slow in drive through.  But other than that usual MC Donald's experience and consistent taste. Value for money breakfast.
This place is slloowwwwww
Good  service, but I had told the waitress   not to take my tray and that.... I had to go out to get a portable battery for my phone. Upon doing so, the security officer harassed me about smoking when I had not lit my smoke.i then waited for his instructions when he started to speak  it was in espaniol and he pointed toward the street. I was somewhat confused and a bit worried about my LG. Coffee and a set of gloves.so my question  is why. Make your restaurant so user friendly and then harass it's patrons after a good dining experience?
You guys won't believe what just happened! Hubby & I went through the drive thu. When it was time to pay, the guy told us the car ahead of us had paid for us! I've heard of these things happening, but not to us! It is December, but I have no way to tell these good people of their immaculate timing. What those nice people don't know is I'm diabetic and my blood sugar was crashing cuz my car suddenly broke down a block away. Just when the cashier told us of the kindness, the tow guy called... he was one hour early! I didn't even see what type of car the kind people drove or get to wave thanks. I must add that my fish sandwich came with the extra sauce and the French fries were piping hot. Perfect ice in the drink and the right mix, too. They even gave us extra napkins! Can I just say a very humble thank you to all involved?
Don't know why?? but painfully slow in the drive thru lately.... Also would be nice if they wouldn't smash the breakfast burritos with heavier items. Little things let people know you care.. js
Newly remodeled, very clean for now. Service was pretty decent, I would say slightly better than average as far as McDonald's is concerned. I love using the app to place mobile orders, much easier that way especially during the lunch rush. Food was, well, it's McDonald's. Pretty average food too.
They forget everything and charge you for it
My sister and I went there 9:30ish after getting into town late for a funeral the next day. We ordered off of their little automated order taking thing which we had never done before and got our orders and headed back to the hotel. When we got back to the hotel I noticed that they had given me one of their $1 spicy chicken sandwichs instead of $1 cheeseburger I had ordered but as it was late and only over a dollar I didn't feel like going back to correct it. But the rest of the order was correct and as far as the quality of the food I guess it was as decent as fast food from McDonald's can be
"Called to confirm I could order using the app and walk up to pick up my order as I am staying at a hotel nearby. Other McDonalds just bring it to you outside the door when the lobby is closed.

They just hung up on me and kept the phone off the hook!! Wow - now that   s customer service; they won"
They mixed up my order in the drive thru with someone else's and gave me the wrong food. I guess that's what I get for not checking my bag until I drove 20 minutes home, and for eating at McDonald's in the first place.
This is by far the best location in the valley. Customer service is always great. The staff is always very friendly and the wait time isn't that bad at all. I'm always satisfied with this locationï¿½ï
Do not go here! My family came here on Christmas Eve and had the worst experience! We stayed at a hotel and wanted some nice hot chocolate and cookies and the cookies were hard as a rock and the hot chocolate was disgusting! It was hot water with peppermint. On top of it the customer service was awful. They refuse to take your order and make you do it on their machines. If u have questions too bad. We went back three times and they still got it wrong. Just save your time and do not go here!
"PLAN TO BE UNWELCOMED!!! 15 Mar 2020 p.m.
I expect to be treated with basic common courtesy   nothing more   and, especially, nothing less!

I have had customer service issues with this McD   s franchise before and have taken issues  to the managers.    ½Tonight I became livid!
I
parked my rented scooter along the side of the building, like I   ve done for the last year with no problem.    ½Tonight, a large black security guard got out of his car and yelled across the lot that I couldn ½ï¿½ï¿½reep moving on (he had gone inside by this time.)    ½It was not the words, though gruffly spat, but his tone and his pompous, condescending attitude towards me.
I continued to the front, parked the scooter AGAIN, and went straight to the manager to vent my complaint about the treatment I had received.    ½Initially, the complaint was well and openly received by a young, demur manager on duty, and she apologized for the treatment.    ½I also explained that I lived in the area, frequented this McD   s, and that I would rather inconvenience myself and go an additional mile and a half to Burger King than spend one dime at this McDï¿½ive change in their employees, or the District/Corporate Big-Wigs are allowing this to happen.    ½The lack of customer service and concern is appalling---especially for a name like McDonalds!    ½I stormed out and left in disgust!

Advice:    ½Don   t expect to be treated like a valued customer. ½ï¿"
"I ordered around midnight and it was fairly busy; about 7 people in line for the drivethru. I order all my fries with no salt for a few reasons.. 1. I was sick of always getting cold fries.  2. They put way too much salt on these days...
I needed to add something to my order at the end,  and apologized thoroughly, as i have worked fast food and understand the annoyance.
The guy that helped me did not say one word in response about it, which was rather rude.
My change in order did not take any extra time,  and by the time i got my fries... guess what?
They were cold."
Staff was okay. They messed up our order twice, and then forgot about us when they had us pull forward at the drive through. Other than that, it's a good McDonalds. It's clean, the food is the same as every other one, and it's got a pretty decent location.
Was craving a breakfast sandwich, but they stopped selling those all day. Then I shifted to a chicken sandwich, but they only sell the spicy version now. Sadly, I drove away with no food...
The old standby of a 1/4lb. w/cheese, fries and a coke was a disappointment. A warmed over hamburger patty that wasn   t warm enough to melt the chee
Frys were cool and soggy. The double quarter pounder w/cheese was slapped together were one beef paddy going one way and the other one going the other. It was stuck that which made it hard to eat.
I spend a lot of money at this location and I haven't really ever had a bad experience the only downfall with this restaurant is it states that it is 24 hours yet it is closed during hours of the night and as I just stopped to get my breakfast this morning after 6:00 a.m. it was closed again sometimes they are even closed in the middle of the day so it is not always open as stated but it has always treated me well when it comes to customer service and food quality
Went at about 3 am and ordered at the drive thru. Was very impressed with their service! All of my food was fresh, and it couldn't have been a better experience. Great job!
The two employees running the store the evening I went were completely overwhelmed, and yet still managed to give great service with a smile. These guys deserve a raise.
Ice cream cone was perfect.  MC DONALD diet coke is the closest thing to coke zero since they calibrate their machines for a perfect soda and purify there water.  THANK YOU MC'DS
There was nobody at the register for about 5 minutes and one customer walked out. The burger I got had Gouda cheese which tasted good but the bun was soggy and flat like it was on a warmer for some time. They didn't have AARP specials but the manager offered a special anyway.
Always professional and quick, very convenient on the way to the highway. Do not park here if you're just going to the liquor store, i have been booted before. Still come here though, cause good service.
My neighborhood McDonald's and it's meh... lack luster service especially inside. They gotta keep the drive through times down so the dining room service is at best a "C". The security people there are always pressuring people to leave. Its assumed you're homeless or a bum so security gives you a time in which you've got to go. Then there's the food. I suggest a 5 - 10 minute walk to Apollo Burger.
This is more of a homeless shelter than a McDonald's
"First and last time to this McDonald's. Had to stand around for 20 mins aside from only 2 people being there. One employee caught an attitude when i asked for no pickles. None of the burgers were wrapped right. And they were so lazy about they job that at first they wouldn't even come to the register to take my order. Kept staring at me expecting me to use their damn machine.
Customer service and being polite goes a long way ladies! And learn how to wrap your food."
I ordered 2 big macs. They had no meat. No patties. Seriously?
This place is very dirty the employees are very rude. They got mad cause we asked for ketchup. Then we stayed in to eat and the employees are talking and putting down all the customers. They have been putting the men and lady's in the same bathroom cause the men's is closed and then my daughter went to use the bathroom the lady up front said there is 2 men in there cause there is closed. So she went in then the security guard need to use it and then the employees where talking about my daughter I went up there and told them that If they would take better Care and clean your place it would be up. Plus you have food over every where they don't wash there hands they don't clean the tables then you ask for a wash cloth to clean they say we don't have any clean. There is so many drug dealers here even the workers are sale I ng inside in the lobby in the parking lot.. I will never come here again I'm also calling the cops on the drug deals I seen. Even with a security guard on duty he just looks the other way.. DO NOT EVER COME HERE
"Yo real talk...... this mcdonalds convinced me to never give mcdonalds another dollar for the rest of my life.....

Last place in all categories.... WOW"
Got me a good breakfast for the whole famz for a good price. Haha and I have the app so I made enuff points to get me a free big mac haha     ½ï¿½
I like the way they do the egg McMuffin with sausage here. I think it's just the muffins aren't toasted so much so they're a little softer everything else seems fresh and tasty. This one happens to have a bunch of one-way streets around it but soon as you know that you can figure out how to get in and out. Fast service in the Drive-Thru no complaints.
Ordered a bacon, egg and cheese biscuit meal, and they give me no bacon! They did send me 2 complimentary meals which was great. I go back with the free coupon and they gave me a chicken sandwich when I ordered a signature burger. Called their office to let them know and they did not care. Now I call Corporate in Chicago, how do you like me now????
The worst drive thru service I've ever had anywhere. From the time I started paying attention to how long I was waiting in line til the time I was given my food was 48 mins. At least 10 mins before that I was waiting in line not paying attention to how long I'd been there.  So roughly an hour to get my food. Then only to be treated rudely  by the cashier, because somehow I was supposed to know they wanted cash only. Not sure why, since I had no choice but to run my debit card and it went through just fine and in a normal amount of time. I'll never go there again. I'll drive a few mins to another location.
Went thru the drive thru around 6am on a Saturday morning. The attendant who took my order was very thorough and most importantly very friendly. When I was handed my order by another very friendly attendant, my order was correct, fresh, and delicious. Best McDonald's service I have ever experienced. Thank you team for starting my morning right!
Friendly staff. Was even offered a position. Yet I could not accept due to my being homeless at the moment..
I don't go to McDonald's often but I've been here twice in the last year, both times were terrible. I went through the drive through both times. One time during the lunch hour, I didn't  get one of my burgers. I got the rest of a meal but the quarter pounder never made it  in the bag. I didn't know until I got home. Tonight I waited 20 minutes, no exaggeration, to get 1 burger from the line. I will never go here again I should have just driven home to eat. It would have been faster.
this place sucks. two of the employees were yelling at each other, super immaturely. the store was disgusting, it took forever to order, and even longer to get our food. like I said, the management sucked. the employee he was arguing with just quit on the spot, saying "I'm outta here" and just left after being asked to do his job. entertainment value is five stars, quality is one star.
"So you pretty much can only turn right leaving this mcslappys so we always just go a lil farther down freedom to watch the sk8boarders while we eat.
Heads up, the spoons for the mcflurry are not also straws. I feel like i kill a dolphin everytime i get one, ain't no way that spoon takes less than 1 billion years to decompose.
If you take the bottoms off two basic hamburgers and slap them boys on top and bottom of a chicken sando, you get a McOreo ½"
Was forced to use the kiosk. If you need to pay in cash, you have to still use the kiosk then go the the cashier with your receipt and pay. Check out takes a lot more time, the food is not prepared any faster, and the dining room or bathrooms aren't any cleaner. So there is no advantage to the customer.
"10/11/2018 - Zero stars if offered. Employees and superiors lack customer satisfaction service.
Because employees follow lead of supervisors, can do attitudes are can't and won't.
In regards of coffee and soft drinks, we were told it is 'their policy ' to not offer refills due to high levels of homeless.
(What an awful thing to say.)
The restrooms are locked. To exit restrooms, one must know (we did not) to press a button in order for the door to unlock.
Definitely not the McDonald's for us. We would not be surprised if higher management reads this review then ultimately 'bar' us from their establishment even though we shall not return to this McDonald's location."
Went here at midnight. Staff was nice, quick and effective. Long line and the staff didn't waste any time.
So incredibly slow once the bars closed and the drunks got hungry. Fries were old, not hot. Disorder with the 2 drive through lanes. 3 cars in the outside lane back to back to back ordered (2 if those cars should have been behind my order) while our car (knowing what we were ordering, given we had at least 20 minutes waiting in line just to get to the ordering board/microphone speaker) sat at the menu for over 5 minutes waiting to order. Overall, our drive-through wait time was forty, YES 40!!!, minutes. Will NOT go there again. Also the frequent harassment made by the half dozen homeless people begging for either money, cigarettes, food, or to wash our Windows. Clearly, they should have picked up on our lack of patience at that point and left us the %@#! Alone. McDonalds staff or management should fix that problem for others as well.
I am highly enraged with their service. They didn't specify on their signs in the parking lot that I couldn't leave the parking lot for more than five minutes. They booted my truck and I had to pay him with my food in hand. I've tried talking to the store manager, McDonald's main office and submitted a complaint. All I get it's the run around, hung up on and berated. I'm not much for posting these kinds of things, but I'm out money I feel wasn't owed, and feel highly taken advantage of.
Probably the fastest, most simple and delicious experience I have had with McDonald's so far. The management is on top of it with the system they have going. I really respect that after the many disappointments I have had with McDonald's before.  They know what they're doing at this location! It's great!
There was blood on the womens bathroom toilet I told the old cashier and she said o well! I tried talking the manager and she completely ignored me I tried calling the number on my receipt 4 different times and everytime I got a busy signal. My daughter and I were standing off to the side waiting for our drinks and thank god after seeing the kitchen area we did not order food I was completely and utterly disgusting!!!!! Please do not go to this McDonalds! I rated it 1 star only because I had to rate it to leave this to bad!!
McDonalds was fine; the people I went with sucked. But honestly this place is really sketch, they even have a security guard at the front door in case things go sideways. If you are wondering HOW things could go sideways, you wouldn't have to expand your view further then the amount of druggys that go to this McDonalds. Half of them don't even buy anything, they just stand around (to heat up I presume) waiting for the security to kick them out. The other half stand in line and figure out that they can't buy anything at the front desk then leave. Normally I wouldn't have a problem with this if they kept to themselves like everyone else ordering something at the McDonald's, but they would  randomly yell, ask questions, pan handle, and just were being a general nuisance. I understand that an establishment can't control who their costumers are, so it's not exactly the MD's fault, but still this Micky D's should be avoided at all costs for that reason. I give them 2 stars instead of one because the good customer service and magically clean bathroom. Seriously these cashiers have to deal with a lot of weird stuff and they somehow aren't mentally broken by the end of the day. I went at 11 at night which probably affects my review, but from the first impression I'm not inclined to go again to find out how it is in the day unless it was simultaneously the only restaurant, I was starving more than a communist in the gulag, and I lost my ability to cook food myself. Seriously don't go here it's horrible.
They are so fast here!  I'm kind of picky, so I order my stuff without "this" or with "that" and they get it right every time and keep the line moving!  Friendly people too!
Zero customer service skills. They don't even acknowledge yor presence. You talk to them and besides taking your order and your money, they don't even thank you for shopping there.
I don't like cold fries. No one does. When a sign says Customer Parking only, does that exclude customers 10 minutes into the future? I have waited longer than that in this location's drive-through. I had a combo stop to make. Pick up some rum and bring home some dinner for me and the wife. I parked at McDonald's and walked the 65 seconds or so to the liquor store. A purchase and the return voyage took all of five minutes. By the time I had returned, there was a boot on my car. The person responsible for this was in the parking lot and informed me that to be considered a McDonald's customer, I would have had to make my fast-food purchase first, and then been given  30 minutes in the parking lot. It's a cold November evening. Fast food sitting in a car would be cold by the time I had returned, so I did things in what seemed like the logical order. $90 later, I was too disgusted to eat. I went into the store to file a complaint, but was bullied out by the towing staff. This isn't a predatory company per se, but they're in bed with one.
Literally the worstMcD's in the world. Going through drive thru she gave us our drinks and told us to pull forward by door...then blocking the person behind us from getting out. We took initiative and parked in th he drive thru spot. Husband then went in to find out what was happening...defeating the point of drive thru. He said the staff were abysmally slow taking forever to put each item in the bag. We were starving but only ate a little. I've never had McDonald's where grease runs down your arms and the fries were revoltingly greasy too. Surprisingly none of us got food poisoning.
I was driving through the area with a friend and had to settle for this McDonald's after an hour and a half search for an open location that would serve me. However, I found out this location also did not have a working ice cream machine. How can all the machines be down in a city at once? This is some terrible service. My drive thru order taker was rude and had no idea how to process a cash payment. The driving lanes are also an apparent problem for the usual people coming here at night as two vehicles swerved into me and attempted to go in front of me in order to exit while I was at the ordering spot.
"Poor slow service an older man came to my table showed me words on his phone saying I had 30 minutes to finish my food and leave.
I asked the cashier about the Man and he claimed he is security and that even though I had paid for my items I could only be there 30 minutes.
I asked to speak with a supervisor and was told there was not one on duty that day. I then asked for corporate office phone number and was told they don't have it.
Very rude way to treat anyone at all."
The food at this place is always cold and old. There   s always someone that doesn   t know what they ½
The bathroom was disgusting. Someone had left a mess in one of the stalls and bloody tissues by the sink (biohazard). I let someone know to come clean it but she just came in, looked at it and left. I was in a hurry with three children, so we had to cycle through using one stall and there was a constant line forming behind us. If my kids didn't have to go so badly, we would have gone somewhere else. I would never stop there again.
The line was pretty long, but they moved us along fairly quickly. Food was warm and my order was correct. Not much else to say about a fast food joint
"If I could I would give them 0    stars!!!!!!!!!!

Currently McDonalds is doing a buy one get one for a dollar. 10 piece McNuggets, quarter pounder with cheese and a Big Mac! Instead of just charging me what a normal 10 piece and then add a 1$ for a second one they made me pay 3$ more for a 20"
Nice new remodel. Clean and well maintained. Good food.
Could you update the lobby hours? It seems to change every two weeks. With the pandemic going on the least you can do is not waste anyone's time.
"really this is a 4.5 star review. this McDonald's is located downtown salt lake city and everyone who lives here knows that parking downtown is almost impossible sometimes. Now mind you this parking lot is massive for McDonald's. way bigger than what the store needs. so people try to take advantage of McDonald's by parking here and going elsewhere.

For those idiots that are crying about their car getting booted, they were obviously trying to take advantage - even if they were McDonald's customers. There's signs posted all over that are plain as day stating 30 minute parking only otherwise subject to getting booted or towed.  the sign also blatantly says DO NOT LEAVE THESE PREMISES WITHOUT YOUR VEHICLE. so for everyone else crying, try reading the freaking sign. You know those metal signs cost money and they weren't custom made for entertainment or cosmetic purposes. use your brains......

on another note I visited here my first time just now. food was as expected for McDonald's but it's not like a good cook could make that any better. staff was fast, friendly, and effective. And my order was accurate. -.5 a star for closing the lobby at night but once again I don't blame them. There's a lot of crazies out there especially in the midnight and early morning hours."
The service was good. Got through the driveway quickly with the right order but as I was leaving a homeless person tried running towards me screaming at my dog
Dining room closes at 8pm.
Staff was unfriendly and food tasted old. The fried onions on my signature hamburger tasted burnt. We had just got out of a concert and they were busy but our fries tasted like they had been sitting around for 20 - 30 minutes. It was gross
Horrible service, the drive through associates just ask you what else they can get for you. I literally told them that   s all 4 times and could hear other employees laughing 
Ordered their signature Double BBQ Burger tonight at the drive thru... One patty wasn't even cooked.... The buns were burnt black instead of toasted. Fries came out cold. My wife ordered a #6 Chicken Nuggets with BBQ sauce.... Didn't get her sauce and nuggets were cold as well. HORRIBLE SERVICE!!!
The reason why I'm keeping this McDonald's three stars is because the customer service was great. Although, the food wasn't that great honestly, I've had better McDonald's McChicken was felt like it was just warmed up in the microwave the bread was stale and the fries were great because I like to order my fries with no salt and if you're looking for some fresh fries remember to order fries with no salt. The parking-lot was clean. The inside of the McDonald's cooking area looked really clean and spic and span the only reason why I'm giving it three stars is because the food quality was not great at all so if you can improve that then you can either get another star or two more stars it depends on what you guys want for you to McDonalds.
The employees at this location threaten my sister in-law because she asked for a happy meal she ordered but didn't get. The manager needs to hire people who don't threaten their customers.
Seriously this is the absolute worst service I've ever had. The manager, is lazy and we sat in the drive thru for 15 damn minutes. We pulled up to the first window, and he opens the window and sits there talking and completely ignored us. Then we pay and pull up to the 2nd window and literally, 3 employees are sitting there talking. We're at 15 minutes and counting and still sitting at the 2nd window. All for 2 hash browns and a sandwhich.
The drive through is open during construction but the it took almost 15 minutes of waiting at the window, then the manager handed me the food and drink while loudly arguing with a co-worker about how they don't like working together. No apology for the long wait. Won't go back to that location again.
Very rude. Will not come again. I ½ï
McDonald's has been around since the dark ages it seems and they have always been a pretty good place to enjoy fast food. But lately the food hasn't improved any but the prices have skyrocketed and I refuse to go there anymore for what you pay for their meals you could dine out someplace with a lot more ambiance and social attractiveness.
We came to eat McDonalds to have a lovely meal as friends in the evening of June 3rd. We were informed that we were not allowed to order chicken nuggets because it was    breakfast time   . When we got back to our place we were extremely disappointed to find our large fries container was half full, cold, and had no salt whatsoever, My sausage egg biscuit was missing the
If you want to meet angry homeless people who leave a giant mess at the counter-height seating area and then practically acost you for sitting at THEIR spot when they return from 20 minutes destroying the restroom to find that you, as a customer, have cleaned the wrappers off of the counter, wiped it down, and seated yourself for a meal, you COULD think McDonald's. Fortunately for this particular location, the staff are all very nice and the food is as good as McDonald's gets. Homeless people need to eat, too... forgive me for 'cleaning up' and not thinking anyone was there. It really was just a pile of trash. I wasn't trying to ruin anyone's day. Oh, well, you can't win 'em all!
At first glance the place looks good but the first quarter pounder was cold and when I watched them fix the second I found the the commercial about being cooked fresh is bs. They pulled the meat from a drawer and it was barely warmer than the first. Then the flies inside were all over everything. Yuk... the last time I will come here. Right before I left a guy came in and tried to get some water and a rude sweaty security guard was stopping him. Wow, this place is not where I would take family.
This McDonalds was the perfect way to end our night at the Quarters bar. Their staff was friendly and fast and they had the new pokemon happy meals even though we came at 1:30 in the morning. We even got the rare holographic pikachu pokemon card as a toy in the happy meal.
Food was typical. They messed up on my drink but this is something that commonly occurs at most McDonald's. The drive-thru was very slow but that could be because they are short staffed?
Fifteen minute wait in the drive through. They don't pull cars aside with larger orders to keep the line moving. Predatory booting person roaming the lot... You'll probably be more comfortable with police supervising the exchange if you happen to get booted.
Employees this time are little less stressed. Also the new look of the store compared with the old 200 years old one makes everything else easier, even dealing with those always non conformist customers
So 4:20 in the morning obviously means something else to this McDonald's.  No coffee made up. The jerk at the window couldn't have been more rude and put off that we were there.  Today we were up early to start our long drive home after what was a very nice weekend in Salt Lake City.  If this is the impression McDonald's wants to leave the. I am happy to never frequent any of their establishments.  15 minutes from the time we paid til the we got our food in the drive through and two cars behind us got theirs ahead of us.  All we ordered were two cokes and two sausage biscuits.
Spent over 20 minutes in line to be told that only serve breakfast at 2am, even though their menu said lunch also.  Then told they were out of almost everything.  Don't waste your time going here at night.  I've gone two separate times and had seriously awful experiences.  Don't go here, there's a Denny's near by, and several gas stations with better service and better food.
Picture a mcdonalds in a pretty rough area. They have a security guard. You need permission to go in the bathroom. People are begging. Seems dirty. You can't expect it to be the best one. The staff seem friendly for the most part and my food comes out fairly fast tastes decent . I have noticed the buns are stale slightly around the edge at this location more than once. I haven't had that happen at any others really. I wonder why that is?
The employees were friendly, little stressed. They had a manager who called in at the last minute. The manager didn't cover their shift leaving the employees understaffed. The employee's did a good job being understaffed & having the am rush. Coffee was great, the wait to long. This is I believe on 5th ave n. We were leaveing SL to go to Tooele.
I understand you're under construction but your employees are ridiculous. The employee that shuttles the money was one his cell phone the entire time. I gave him a $10 and told him I had the correct change but he just walked off, still on his phone. Also, if I order and pay for a medium fry, I don't want a small amount in a medium container just thrown in the bag.
The franchise is good - Years ago when I ate there regularly - the owner would be there often - she worked onthe line and if you didn't know her you would never know.  Went back recently - I don't know if she still works in the store - but it was as good as I remembered
Horrible experience. Waited for over 30mins in the drive thru to have them forget part of our order. Not to mention they couldn   t figure out 
This McDs SUCKS. Their food is disgusting and their service sucks. They forgot my kids entire happy meal and when they brought it out there was no toy and no chicken nuggets. We ordered sundaes to go and they delivered it to a random table and took some other guys marker. And to top it all off they were RUDE, like it was my fault they suck at their job. This is the absolute WORST experience I've ever had at a restaurant ever.
We were going to the Children's museum & my granddaughter wanted McDonald. Apparently at this location they will only take your order in the drive-thru. We had to call over the counter for help. We were told that we had to order from the kiosk. I explained to them that I had cash. They told me that I still needed to order from the kiosk & then pay cash at the counter...what...then why won't they just take my order??? Then we had to call over the counter a 2nd time because we were struggling with the kiosk. The lady that came out said I had to order my meal a la carte...what!!! Needless to say, we walked out & will  NEVER return!!! If it's such an inconvenience to take people's orders inside maybe they should close the lobby at this location & only have the drive-thru. From the way people were treated while I was there & reading other reviews apparently the customers inside real do NOT matter. I'm surprised that McDonald's would allow a location (franchise) to treat customers this way.
I went to order Sweet and Spicy glazed tenders. I said it numerous times and the drive through kept asking what sauce I wanted. Should be obvious Sweet and Spicy  glaze . I left there and went to McDonald's on 1700 S.  Redwood Road . Much better service and food is what I ordered.
I would love the exact location McDonald's i dined at. This one employee only seemed to be against having me eat there. The woman cashier literally did'nt want to order with the 2 for one menu sandwich deal i just recieved on on my phone. She wouldn't offer me a pen to write my code on the receipt, so i used a penny to write the code, so she tells me it's invalid, but i wrote the exact code and it looked as though i wrote in oencile. She immediately try calling security, so i asked the other employees for a manager. The manager was very understanding, and even after helped with all and left to the back, the woman tells me how this is my last order and i have 14 minutes left to eat. It was ammusing so i played the idiot customer roll. I definitely appreciate the manager's understanding for i was also a little short on exact cash, so you can already guess how the woman treated me about that. On the plus side I enjoyed my meal !!
This Store is the highest priced store, probably the most unfriendly and unprofessional in Utah. The heavy set Hispanic lady at the counter had just taken an order from the young man a head of me and would not take my order. She was going to make me do my order on the kiosk. When I told here no, that I would go somewhere else before I would do that, she told me goodbye. Yes, I am done with mcdonalds. You are not getting another dime of my hard earned money ever. if you continue these business tactics I will be happy to hear you are in bankruptcy. Enjoy the time you have left. Just a side note I have been going to this mcdonalds for over 3 years at least one day per week. Never again! Good thing Wendy's right around the corner was more than happy to take my order and my money. Funny part is Wendy's double burger had more meat and tasted better and the price was almost a dollar cheaper.
"I bought two coffees for my twin and I, planned to buy some food tried to use the bathroom first it wasn't available for 45 minutes so I left without purchasing anything else.
That's a zero rating but I need 1 to post."
Went inside to get service faster, oh was I wrong! Waiting for more than an hour to be served, paid at the touchscreen, got cups to serve drinks and soda was terrible, other people left and requested a refund, people got fired this same night,  Elderly people were still waiting to get some food and told me about their bad experience, they seem to be patient but dang this has to be the worst experience in a McDonald's ever. We are Never coming back.
First My Hamburger Was Ugly. It Had The Ketchup All Over The Place!! Next My Fries Were Super Salty And Some Way To Crispy. And Lastly My Shake Tasted Horrible! You Could Taste All The Syrup And There Was No Cherry. The Only Good Thing About My Trip Was Their Playground.
What a joke I went to this McDonald   s I work at Gateway got some chicken nuggets asked for an extra  sweet-and-sour sauce on top of the two that they usually give you was very nice to the lady didn   t say you   re welcome when I said thank you and did not put my sauce in the bag no I don 
They have cleaned it up!! There is a security guard who works for McDonald's to keep the riff raff out!  Its clean, nice, and calm.  I definetly recommend going here.  There is no locks on the bathroom even.  I was impressed and will go back when I'm downtown again.
"Fast food, fast service. Low quality meals. But, you will probably already know that because it is a McDonald's fast-food, and not a whole foods Cafe organic foods.
The food price is above normal for what you are getting. So, the value is low in the area of food quality for the price. What you are paying for is convenience. They have a very fast drive-thru."
Sat waiting for several minutes before asking for help several times, i said typical bs and backed up to enter other lane when i heard a man laughing from the mic and saying hello.
It's in a bad part of town. A lot of homeless and panhandlers. Bathroom are locked, security watches you... it's an uncomfortable feeling. Not really a good place to take the kids for dinning in. But their service is okay and quick. Their food is standard McDonald's service. Nothing special about it. And this McDonald's sometimes Jack's up their prices cause they say they're "downtown" which to me means nothing but everything downtown costs more. McDonald's should not cost more ...
Horrible. Bad customer service, awful food (cold, hot and spicys were burnt, fries were half empty, cold, and just tasted like oil), just a bad experience overall. Location on 700 east and 250 south is definitely worth the extra few minute ½ï¿
They get you in the drive thru. I bought big breakfasts and made sure I got the syrup and forks. The employee rolled her eyes because I seemingly didn ½
I feel that it is OK to charge to use the restrooms. Yet they are so gross it's not worth it. Employees sneezing on Apple pies whipping hands on seat of pants. The new management is not any better. They where dumb to buy this one. If you have enough room to install two toilets then install two toilets! don't be ghetto and only have only one!
The girl taking my order at the counter had a few suggestions on ordering that saved us some money.
"Do not park in their lot even if you are eating there.

The ""parking enforcement"" put a boot on my car after I ate here and refused to take it off unless I paid $75. I told him I just ate here and he told me the ATM was inside, seriously?

Not to mention that the lobby was littered with food waste, staff was rude, they didn't have ice cream or shakes and bathrooms were dirty.

0 stars if I could."
We were waiting in the drive thru on a Sunday morning. We were asked for our order only AFTER WE had said something about asking if our order was going to be taken and after having 5 other cars in the drive thru next to us  had gone. We started ordering and then the employee on the intercom said mid order "hold on I'm helping a customer" Um isn't that what you're supposed to be doing with us? I said screw it and drove off. You're in the customer service industry, I suggest learning some.
I am not going to hold it too much against that them this particular store is in a part of town where there are a lot of homeless people. Any other restaurant in the same area would have the same struggles. Yes, there are a lot of homeless people in the parking lot and in the store, but there is nothing about this that is threatening to one's personal safety--I say this having gone here easily 100 times (my doctor thanks me). There is also an employee always in the parking lot or the store wearing a black shirt that says "security" in big white letters. What this person's actual background is in security is less certain--probably the entire training consists of putting on the shirt. The store is not as clean as one is used to with McDonald's franchises, and the drive-through service tends to be slower. I assume this is because they have a hard time keeping good help. Still, at the end of the day, I am impressed that the workers are generally courteous and the food is generally the same McD's consistency and quality, even with the particular challenges of being in this part of the city.
Personally, I think the service was slow. The food was old, and not very good quality. The workers were nice and friendly but overall didn't seem to know what they were doing. I honestly do not like this location.
"12:00 am  Wait 10 minutes behind the car in front of me.
12:10 am  Sever: Cash only, our system is down and rebooting.
Me: that's fine.
Sever: ok, what can we get for you.
Me: number one, medium with lemonade please.
Sever: hold on one moment
Me: ok?
Sever:
Me:
12:12. Me: hello?
12:15. Silence
12:20 Silence

That's when I left. One car was at the window, and at least 12 in line to order. It's always something here. No coffee at 6 am. Out of fries. Cash only. 30 minute wait with nothing to show for it. Super frustrating. If you are down to test your patience, give this location a shot."
This particular store you never know when their lobby is open. Quick service, but they never abide by their posted hours
Orders are always accurate and well made.  I haven't usually had to wait long at the drive thru.  They are not currently offering dine-in service.
I pull up to drive thru and told to wait a moment. I wait 30 minutes to place order still nobody takes my order. I pull up to window thinking maybe I was forgotten. I honking horn employees looks at me and walks away. I stay there for another 15 minutes waiting and still nobody takes my order. And all the while I watch at least 12 other cars pull up to drive thru sit and wait and eventually leave cause nobody is taking orders. If your not going to do your job as an employee of McDonald's let the customers know so they don't have to wait  for nothing. By the way I had to give one star to post this. Other wise they would get -5 stars.
Customer service is horrible. Customer isn't right here. There correct and your wrong when they screw up an order
It was 3am when I went through the drive threw. I ordered a sausage mcgriddle 4 burritos 5 hash browns. Everything was hot except the mcgriddle. It was completely cold and I had to warm it up in my microwave when I got home. Then called the store and spoke with a manager about the situation.
"Just ordered 2 BigMacs, one with no lettuce.
Had NO sauce  the other had  a teaspoon worth on the edge of the burger.
Fries were meh."
This has got to be, hands down, one of the worst McDonald's restaurants around. Their service is downright abysmal. Also they are extremely high-priced. I do have to say that their food does live up to McDonald's standards. But by the time you fight off the homeless people, deal with the bad customer service, and pay exorbitant prices, this location just isn't worth it.  One other thing of note. This location does not honor the surveys for the buy one get one free.
I have never encountered a restaurant so rude before. We arrived there at 10:53 they close at 11, I know it's tabu to show up at a restaurant right before close, but we were 6 hours away from home and hungry. Not only were the doors already locked, but the three employees plus a security guard would not come to the door or even acknowledge we were there. Locking the doors early when your signs state your hours is unexceptable!!!!
Had my car booted by 2 of the dumbest people I have ever met while my girl friend was buying a soda and I was buying wine for a lovely night.  There are 3 total signs displaying this premise, but 2 are on the opposite side of the lot and one is not reflective for their 7-10 night shift of booting/towing.  The signs also say people who aren't patrons will be booted, which I by extension was. My night was spent arguing with the employees and the tow company instead.  I recommend a wholehearted boycott.
This place always has the door lock, so you can not get in to the restaurant
"Extremely rude lady in the morning. I spoke to her with a smile and that did not deter her from the destain she showed, from what I assume because she had to serve me. Waaay too many other McDonald's around for me to need to deal with that in the morning.
If you see a short Asian lady with a grey uniform shirt, do not bother, she will just make your morning worse."
Would give zero starts if I would, they all have an ugly attitude as if I was responsible for them working there. I asked for a caramel macchiato and they said the machine wasn   t working. Then the person behind me or
"I would like to preface with the statement that I am a fairly hardcore proponent of the proletariat. With that said, the fact that they force you to utilize the kiosk must me some kind of self sabotage. If people are willing to pay at the counter then it could drive down demand for the kiosk.

Secondly; there is a heavyset woman with glasses that gets mad and angry when customers ask for stuff and has to forward it to the manager every time yelling loud enough for rhe lobby; not to mention she hovers over the lobby while people are eating (i get that you want to catch mess early or clean the tables quick I have worked food service before) but do not hover around people trying to eat like some kind of table patrol.

Fortunately the security guard is calm and collected. I mean generally if youre on the clock where else do you have to be?

Service is inconsistent, per the usual, horrible with Uber eats drivers and seem intent on the self destructive goal of ""sabotage my job""."
Not gonna lie, my nuggets came kinda undercooked.
Been waiting in a long line for the past 15 minutes. Pull up to the window to pay and the employee with the long blue fake nails is messing around on their phone watching YouTube. No wonder it was taking forever.
"The place is disgusting in terms of cleanliness. Full of homeless people on heroin. We actually threw the food in the garbage after we paid for it.  It looked nasty and dangerously filthy. Parking lot outside is full of shady people checking out what is in your car. When we were leaving we saw about 15 people laying on the sidewalks totally stoned from some drug.
Wouldn't recommend (at all)."
Tell me how I end up with a double cheese burger, whose patties, resemble a sloppy joe? My hamburger looked like they cleaned up the grill of all the pieces and threw them on a bun. But I got it quickly and my coke and fries were good so I gave them 2 stars.
Terrible experience with this McDonald's. Employees don't care about nothing, dear manager you are doing great job.  ½ï¿½
Loved my watermelon slush at 10 PM...thank you 24 hour McDonalds!!!
The area is surrounded by homeless people so there is a strict 30-minute time limit on eating inside the restaurant. The bathrooms are locked and even asking multiple times to use one I was not given access. My fiance found some kind of blueish chunk in his burger and that ended it for us. Nice and clean but unfriendly staff and atmosphere, and frightening food.
Ok for fast food.  Parking lot and drive thru traffic makes the lot dangerous. Poorly designed. Usually always crowded.  The worst is when they ask you to pull up to #2 window to wait for your food and then they serve 5 cars behind you while you sit there and wait.
Awful place, ordered and ate my chicken tenders, fries and drink. Threw away the waste and sat back down to make a phone call. McDonald's "security" kicked me out. Said I couldn't stay more than 30 min. I was there 25 minutes and there was 5 other people in the restaurant. Horrible.
This McDonalds forces customers to use the new machines. I couldn't order a large orange juice on my breakfast meal so I asked an employee for help. She didn't know how to order that from the machine either. She told me just order the small and that she would get me a large. While I'm waiting for my order another employee (I think it was the manager) told me I owed 50 cents for the large orange juice. She seemed annoyed with me and maybe the young girl too because we didn't know how to order the large OJ  I paid the 50 cents but was unhappy with how unfriendly and the whole experience was. I won't be back to this particular McDonalds.
I'm not sure what anyone who has lived in Utah expects when trying to dine in this area. It's pretty common knowledge that downtown is the heart of the homeless and many drug addicts. Not to mention this location is one block from pioneer park and very close to the road home/gateway area. I'm not excusing any rude or bad experiences but maybe just a bit more patience and compassion? It's fast food. Don't like the area? Dine elsewhere.
We go here after almost every late night event we attend in Salt Lake City. Concerts, Jazz games, Utes games. Will probably find another place. The Fries have been way below the McDonald's standard for the last few times and this last time, they changed their ice cream completely. Now the vanilla cones and the hot fudge sundaes are made with that cheap "ice cream" that is a cross between a terrible sorbet and cheap refrozen ice milk. Truly disgusting. At least the Cokes were $1.00...but that won't bring us back.
Its an average McDonalds. And i would have rated it 3 stars or higher. But there is always   A rude and sometimes and literate security guard who in morning doesn't speak any English the only English he does know is typed on his cellphone which he charmingly shows you if you don't buy something quick enough he says if you don't buy something get out then at night there's another security guard that isn't that much better he does speak English but again all he ever says is by something or leave
Never had a problem here except my last order, we forgot our drinks in drive through and got someone else's order, which only fed my daughter, but I'm sure it was a simple mistake to make no fus over, besides i got cereal for dinner haha
No one to take your order just really confusing monitor that took twice as long.  Took forever to get food and c it was still messed up.  Only high point was watching the security guard kicking out a few prior one who dropped drugs on the way out.   Too bad the next closest McDonald's was under repair.  Drive thru only!!!
Like a box of chocolate you may get good service or terrible service. Out of the 5 times I have gone their over a 3 week span, I recieved decent service once. I recomend to avoid  this store
This store's employees purposely turn off and reset their delivery systems payments if they dont "feel" like doing their job. Absolutely horrid staff and all should be replaced.
Never gets my order wrong, always tastes great
This McDonalds has really gone to **** ! The service? Ignored. After finally ordering? They don't take the time to bring you your order or even call out your damn number. Coffee sucks... Oh... And their security ..? Whoever is hiring them should be fired with their security. Total A-holes who treat you like you're loitering after 5 minutes... Total judgmental A-holes. DONT VISIT THIS MCDONALDS
I visited McDonald's today and got a big Mac. No complaints. The food was good and I got what I expected. The servers were courteous and I got my food fairly quick. They got me in and out. All in all a great visit.
The best thing about this visit was there were napkins and water....so I could wipe down a table before eating. It wasn   t that busy and the food took a while to get, order was wrong and the staff had an I donï¿
Food is ok just to much McDonald's for me
I love the dollar menu. Spicy McChickens all the way. I can get 6 of them for the price of one Big Mac. Not that I do that, that's too much. I usually get two and some sauces to add to them. Tastes great and fills me up.
Staff are jerks and are inconsiderate don't ever have the lobby open then gets mad when people that don't have a car go up to drive through
This place is not 24hrs at all. They need to fix it. Been there a few times late or early and they signs saying use the ap but no one is in building and ap does not place order.
Waited in line fire 20 minutes and then they told us it was closed. Terrible customer service with the worst night I   v
"This is the worst McDonald's in the state and the worst one I ever visited in my life, avoid it. I revisit this location occasionally for the past 5 years due to it's convenient location, thinking it had to improve. I am disappointed every time.

The staff here is extremely rude. The food is poor quality. Drive though time is long. Don't know how this store passes McDonald's standards."
ice cream machine is always    broken   . literally always. w
Bad service. No one knows the menu. Says open 24hrs,but drive thru opens at 4am.  Dine in not open either.
I've disliked McDonald's for a long time now, they're always missing something of ours, ice cream machine is always down, their employees seem like they don't even know what to do. I waited for this lady to take my money for 5 minutes and all she did was look at me and took the drive thru orders. So I just pulled up to the other window to pay and it took another 4-5 minutes to friggin pay. Never again going to ANY McDonald's, ever.
At this location, you can only use the order kiosks, not customer friendly. The employees will not take your order at the counter. I'm assuming due to the shady area this McDonald's is in? They didn't mess up my order at least.
This place is a god damn joke.  My girlfriend and I went for egg mcmuffins at 8:00pm on a saturday night, and it took over 20 minutes to get our order.  The food quality was horrendous, and no apology was given for the long wait.  AVOID THIS PLACE AT ALL COSTS.  Seriously, I don't expect gourmet food from Mcdonalds, but this was truly disgusting.  One english muffin was so hard my girlfriend nearly broke a tooth on it  My egg mcmuffin hadn't even been toasted.  The staff was unfriendly and unapologetic.  What a joke, we are greatly disappointed in this location.
This location is always very busy. They are Fairly quick at serving people, but the lines are very long especially in the drive through. Staff never seems very friendly, maybe bc they see so many ppl?
Grossest McDonald's I have ever been to. Dirty floors, like deep dirt gum looking black marks. But the worst part was the fly infestation! Flies all over the food prep area and the tables. Trying not to hurl while flies are landing on my head.
They had one lane closed which is fine but the lane they had opened made everyone end up lining up in the street.
I got a quarter pounder with cheese no one is extra pickles and it was perfect. The fries were a little bit chilled and my son it was fine.
Super dirty McDonald's. Stopped to use washroom and the employee in the washroom was getting changed, hands all over stuff in there and just walked out without washing his hands. The same employee then walked out from behind the counter later and kicked some trash on the floor, didn't even react to it or bother to clean it up. Soda/Pop syrup dried all over the drink station with lids and straws in absolute disarray. Management here must be awful to allow this kind of behavior and terrible level of cleanliness.
Slow service and challenging communication
Most people are very nice, but the guy taking the money...what a grump!
I just watched a vagrant peeing in a cup while eating my breakfast. He then dumped his piss cup out on the sidewalk. For God's sake ppl stop handing out money to hobos it just makes the issue worse. He wasn't even handicapped, yet he sat in a wheelchair. I watched him for an hour. When he didn't get any money from passing customers he stood up and walked away with his "Help Please" sign. This McDonalds is filled woth hobos often and I won't be back.
Got a dozen hot chocolates to go to take to the homeless youth center and they packaged them so they were so easy to carry. The youth appreciated them. Thanks!
Need to learn to give out ice in the drinks. Visited twice, both time barely any ice!! Male server at window gave me grief when I asked for some!
Terrible drive thru. Super long wait, even at an odd time of day. Cold food, less than great service, and they handed me my drink half full, flat, and with the ice already melted.
"This is a good location with easy access off 5th south.  I like the new renovation which add 2 drive through lanes for faster service.

Overall a solid, typical McDonald's experience."
Honestly have never had a worse experience at a McDonald's. The order confirmation screen is broken, and the person taking orders apparently has not received training on reading back the order for accuracy. Three out of three times I have been to this location they have messed up something major on the order. The most recent time I got some serious attitude from the person taking orders. Spend a few extra minutes to another location or go to Burger King.
Customer service is less than impressive. Food quality was average. Longer than normal wait for basic food order.
Turned away because I don   t drive. These are unprecedented times; the lobby is closed and I am not allowed to order inside, also told I am not allowed to order through the  ½ï¿½ï¿½
"Fast" does not seem to be part of their vocabulary. I don't know if they changed management or what but they screw up orders, drive thru is slow & most of their employees are rude. It wasn't like this in the past.
Too anal about parking. Parked there because had to stops, McDonald's then the liquor store. Went to the liquor store first because didnt want our food to get cold waiting at the liquor store that was packed. Came back to drop off the bottle to go I to McDonald's and they booted my vehicle. Wasn't even parked there 5 minutes. ExplaiNed to the guy that I was going I to McDonald's as well,  he didn't care. He said I should have gone in McDonald's first. Umm then I still would have gotten the boot foe leaving my vehicle there.  No win situation. Well he took my last $25 that was my grandkids dinner money to unboot it. Can't return the liquor and couldn't buy them their dinner either. Thanks McDonald's parking enforcement. Real winners!
"It's a McDonald's, what do you really expect? The location is pretty sketchy as downtown SLC is full of homeless people, many of whom use illegal drugs. But it looks clean enough, the fries are fresh, and the employees at the drive thu don't seem to completely despise their jobs.
Cheers  "
This store was ok the employees could have been a lit nicer and at least act like they was some what thankful they had a job and the food showed how the employees where acting witch was ok but now good
Don't really like the area a lot of people starring at you while trying to get food because there waiting for work because they can't work legally in this state so they chill out at this McDonalds and home depot department store to try and find work every single day and it makes it a little uncomfortable. Cause they just stare at you anyone in the line at McDonald's.
"I awoke one morning from a dream. Wiping the sweat from my brow, I tried to recall the details. ""Table service at MacDonald's"" I heard my self say aloud. I picked up my phone to find my dream a reality: MacDonald's had implemented technology allowing them to bring my order to me at the table. I could order on the kiosk, take a locator, and lo and behold, my order would appear before my very eyes. It was as if God himself had given me a glimpse of creation.

I sprung from my abode and ran on all fours to MacDonald's as quickly as possible, as if reality itself would evaporate before I got there. I arrived, breath short and mouth whet,   and began the final steps of my journey. My finger met the kiosk screen like lovers separated by the ocean reuniting.

I got my usual, a cheeseburger with no bun or patty, and sat patiently, gripping my locator  like the staff of Moses. The number seven sat abreast my locator -- the day God rested. ""I too would rest,"" I exclaimed aloud, ""when my journey meets it's end, as my food meets my table.""

But in the next instant, I was met with a fate worse than Gob's a thousand fold -- they called out my order from the counter and didn't bring it out to me.

My faith was shattered that day. Never again shall the thought of joy haunt my mind. Never again shall true happiness be known."
This "cash orders only" stuff is getting old. get better systems. No other fast food restaurant has to do this so there's no reason you should.
I couldn't place an order with a person at this location so we walked out and went somewhere else and ate. The employees here needs to take a customer order instead of tell a person that they need to place an order at their self service machine. We will not be coming back to this location
the worst place to go. that when the order was for my children and the answer was for me to leave because they were not going to attend to me
Fries tasted stale, one of the ordered 10 piece nugget only had 9, they forgot Any of the two flavored sauces requested (2 of the 10 piece nuggets were in the order). Just not a great day to go to McD's I guess...
work here... Most dont know but we have a new store manager and I hope this manager keeps everything more organized. What most people don't know is that the other manager never put the effort needed for the store, therefore most slacked off... I've worked here about 3 to 4 months and like it so far, but some managers aren't the nicest... me, I've been working for Mc'Donalds for about a year, I come in everyday with a smile on my face no matter how bad my day is. I read these reports and think " these bad employees/managers make not only themselves look bad but me too! I will continue to have great customer service, most people get mad we take too long... the Damn store has broken appliences every week... yeah they should replace it, but won't, just keep repairing it till its done... anyways point being, very disappointing knowing we still get a bad review when I try hard to make everyone happy. Thank All y'all -Javier Elizondo
Ordered ahead on the app and I could tell the staff was crazy busy but when they brought my order out the guy smiled, apologized for the wait and was great about the whole situation.  Thanks!
If you want to wait 45 minutes in the drive thru line, this is the place for you. I'd have left but by the time I realized how long it would take I was boxed in by cars
Every time I come to the store there is a problem    Drive-through constantly messes up orders the staff are extremely rude and they don't know how to even do their jobs I'm surprised some of them can even get job here...don't go to the store because your order will be messed up and
Friendly staff and nice atmosphere.  Nice garden out front
Pretty awful. No human interaction, kiosks not super intuitive, paying cash... waited 10( a while, maybe not 10)minutes at a register to pay cash. Will go to Wendy's instead. Dirty tables and a homeless looking person helping customers on the self serve kiosks
Consistently the worst McDonald's I've ever been too. I quit going here. Even late at night they make you wait forever in the drive thru. You're better off going to the Wendy on the other side of the block
Hey it's McDonald's what can you say LOL we already know we're not paying for service they've even lowered their standards and don't even care the manager there is this guy named Rodger he thinks he's super funny he's always making jokes when you roll up to the window problem is his jokes are rude he means well but half of the time he scares my kids. But hey you want the cheapest cheeseburger on the block they got it.
Probably the slowest employees in McDonalds history. This definitely is NOT "Fast Food",  the lobby is always dirty and seems to be filled with drug addicts (in part just due to the area). Dont bring your kids here for a Happy Meal.
Had a crispy chicken sandwich and it had been sitting under the lamp so long that it wasn't very crispy!! McDonald's has really changed in the past year, wasn't very happy!!
This is a mediocre McDonald   s. The line is always stopped, and they have gotten my order wrong more than once. If it wasn ½ï¿½ï
I usually get the big Mac and or cheese burger for my meal. Instead I was hungry today and got the quarter pounder with cheese and was grossly disappointed. No pickles or onions, just cheese, a hamburger patti, and ozing grease. Worse burger I've ever had and I will never have another
Showed up went inside was waiting for friend to get off phone with his father in hospital to see what he wanted to eat. Security decides I'm just a nuisance. Time taken to occur 4 minutes 35 seconds
"Is this Mcdonalds or some strange car booting  entity governed by sketchy  people?   Very strange booting  practices.  They film you leaving your car, yet say nothing. The sign is too high and barely visible. They basically  boot your car for not going straight to  McDonald's .

I left to get a wine then grab something from Mcdonalds as well since i was hungry. However, on my way to  liquor store an old man told me to go back grab my car since it will be booted. It already had been booteed ONLY 3-4 mins later when i ran back.

They wouldn't take it off so i kept complaining. Hey said  i should eaither pay $75  now, or $250 after it's towed .

This is a disgusting practice in a first world country."
I got delivery and it was weird, he didn't follow directions. But that's not McDonald's fault. The food was great! :)
A racist appalling and unacceptable behavior by the security and employees occurred today at this McDonalds. My friend suffered a racist attack by some other white customer who asked the security to have them take my friend who is Hispanic out of the restaurant simply because of the white customers request. This is shocking and disturbing behavior and needs to be remedied and addressed immediately. This restaurant will suffer lawsuits very soon.
Loud and crowded.  Table was uneven and whobbley.  Horrible place for a date weekend evening.  Server kept coming and asking if we were ready to order every couple minutes.  Felt rushed.
If you wanna wait 15 minutes in the drive thru line to be told cash only.... literally happens every time. Have never had a quick, positive experience here and I live down the street. Go to another location and don't waste your time. Such. A. Joke.
I went inside bought my food, was harrased to use the bathroom , went outside started eating my breakfast and was told i had to keave because i had been there 30 min. I was in the middle of eating an egg mcmuffin and got kicked off the property. Wont be back! Who does that to their patrons? Naxis?
It was terrible first off they overcharged Me by like $12 do not say sorry or apologize One Time and then I get home I don't have my fries and my meal and my burger has onions on it I'm allergic to onions so I can't even eat it I call and complain ask for new burger do you think they can make it right nope I don't recommend it to anybody not even my worst enemy
Hours are wring and they were closed when I went. Usually they're alright, bit not the best McDonald's.
Restriction are high, rough place of salt lake city, still makes McDonald's quality food.
The 15 minute wait time in the drive thru is no joke! Management does not care. At least the Homeless dude made some $$ panhandling from all of the waiting cars! Avoid the gridlock!
"Sorry McDonald's. I don't like McDonald's I I never have. I don't like the added chemicals.
But
Everything else was outstanding all the way down to  I would come again, but"
So bad customers service  ...... we were here for a business trip ... we don't want to order on the machine so we ask the guy to help us and he refuse to do so.... So bad that I'll no come back again... I it was kind a cold I hope not cold heart .
The security officer made me very uncomfortable. He starred and starred. My mom only got a sweet tea.
I was thinking oh just micky d's sound ok maybe ill get a mocha frapee, went inside instead of drivethrew... Anyway was blown away to see everyone ordering themselves from a touch screen.... They had four stations and were very easy to use was also very satisfied with this particular locations quality
This Mcdonalds needs new management. Every time I have been there the manager not the employees screw something up on my order. The managers are very rude and dont have a problem using swear words to try and get their point accross. Just from what I have seen that store would be better off with no managers than the ones they have now, they might even show a profit. I have stopped going to this Mcdondalds and will never go back even though they are only blocks for my work.
Good location, fast service, fresh fries...good job guys
Bad communication when ordering through the drive-thru. When I recommend this place if customer service is important to you.
Great customer service. Even with it being lunch hour downtown. Worker's were cordial and efficient at getting the job done. Literally were in and out.
This is a fast one and they haven ½ï¿
"Its pretty good for a Mcdonalds. Most of them won't serve me cookies when it gets late but this one never fails.
5 stars for cookies because those are some good cookies"
Average food, except they don't fill the fry containers all the way. The large is a medium at best. The bathrooms are horrible.  Someone had taken a dump in the corner and there it laid. Yuk.
Stupid slow location, wasting lots of time ever time you go there. Needs a good manager
I Really Like Their Sausage Egg N Cheese McGriddle Breakfast Sandwiches!! YUMMY!
Food was cold and tasteless.  Burger wasn't even warm enough to melt the thin layer of cheese.
The cashier doesn't know too much about 'Mobile Order' system causing a lot of time waisted. Everything else is ok. Except that some customers were frustrated about the new self-ordering displays in the store. Apparently not for all.
This mcdonalds is a heinous cancer on society. They will boot your car if you are there longer than thirty minutes or they assume that you did not eat there. there was a guy hanging out accros the street filming people parking. He had us on camera going into the mcdonalds we had a receipt and he still put a boot on our car. After arguing with him and going over footage and receipts he finally admitted his mistake. What an atrocious piece of garbage company. This experience is the last straw for a sub par fast food restaurant. I'm done with mcdonalds there's plenty of other sub par restaurant that don't boot paying customers cars.
Put. Straws. In. The. Bag. Maybe retrain your staff. It ½ï
I would give a zero if I could. I rarely if ever take time to give a bad review, but I ordered 60 pieces of nuggets and then they gave me 20. Then when I tried to call, the phone wouldn't work. Finally when I walked back they acted like it was my fault because I "forgot" the other bag that they didn't bring out when the called my order. Terrible place.
Had to wait for RESTROOMS. When I got in the men's room was clean, well stocked with soap and TP. The rest of the restaurant was clean and the staff was good to me.
I like McDonald's cuz it's quick and it's easy for me and I always get my orders right and they're very fast food is not bad it's pretty good sincerely wrapping me Daniel Robert McDaniel.
Makes good chocolate chip frappes and orders are usually correct. Sometimes the people that take your order through the mic in the drive through are uncaring and depressing and sometimes they are friendly
Always seems to be a problem when we go at night after hours like between 12a -4a. Be it a system failure,  stock depletion,  etc.  Also the employees are hardly ever happy or cordial in doing their job
Crazy fast, very efficient, and food was actually somehow fresher than most McDonald's locations.
Don't seem to know how to read special orders, especially when it comes to food allergies
Manager is rude. Repeats order 3 times, different everytime. Gets it wrong then blames us and tells us to go back in line if we want to order more.  Also, shake machine never works. Likely they don't have one.
Horrible service horrible food why is it that no matter where you go these days it gets worse McDonald's is food that's all you have to do and they can't even do that right frappe machine is constantly down they say because of cleaning I doubt they even clean the thing they just don't want to do it. Wake up your fast food you don't want to do the job go somewhere else and be lazy
I was raised up on the west side my hole life and this is my home     I have never left my phone updates so I can visit the store to get anelised my i
Food is edible when they get my order right. 95% of the time my order is not right. But don't get me wrong.i like the food that's why i go back even tho they get my order wrong.
My wife and I wanted some soda at nearly midnight. McDonald's was open, the soda was cheap, and the person (who had maybe a Thai accent) was nice despite the lateness of the hour.
Store was clean and meat in appearance. The new order kiosks are a hit and miss and can be confusing as many people did not know how to work them. McDonald's should ditch the kiosk and go back to the face to face service they had for years. Food was ok for McDonalds
It   s sad when someone hates their job so bad that they can ½ï
Absolutely horrific. For a McDonalds (which I normally don't mind when the craving hits) this location consistently has extremely long waits and bad food. I will always drive to a location farther away, even for a simple double cheeseburger or spicy chicken.
Order french fries no salt got the limpest french fries in the world cold and then I got the spicy McChicken the chicken patties had been sitting there for at least an hour to an hour and a half there so dried out and not even hot temperature wise how does McDonald's keep going when they don't care about their food or their customers anymore
This place is hit or miss...the food is usually good, but the employees aren't very friendly. Must be because they're so busy, so often.
I'd rate it four stars like I did with In-N-Out. For the price, the food is good and I'm definitely grateful that McDonald's exists.
If any McDonald's could get an order right I would be shocked my blood pressure rises Everytime we get a kids meal for my kids any McDonald's you walk in to is a shot show once I ordered a spicy chicken and I received a bun with lettuce and mayo No chicken the other I got my son a 6 piece nugget kids meal they rang up a 4 piece nugget then charged me $1.50 for two extra nuggets then only put 3 nuggets in the meal i hate everything about McDonald's the service the lack of knowledge or common sense to freaking puti a piece of chicken on a bun or not being able to count it's really sad
Food is more expensive here than all the other McDonald   s, especially dollar menu items like McDouble etc. for example a 4 piece nugget is 2.20 when it ½ï¿
They refuse to take inside orders, & will tell you to use the Keyosk , & that that's the way it is now,& there's no baby changing station in the men's rest room's,.& They don't have dollar drink's, this place is rude & I think it stinks,. 
It's McDonald's, what do you expect?
Mc Donalds today in America cater for the drive in customer. Not the walk in person.
This is a decent McDonald   s it was recently remodeled so it   s clean and everything is new it does tend to attract a transient population because i
Call the store for simple questions and management hung up on me 
I was the last in drive thru and they literally closed the store in my face. This place is a disgrace
Always good and this location is open for drive through 24/7. We ordered a 2 cheese burger meal and a fish sand meal. It was very good.
This particular McDonald's had a hobo chilling in there. He asked for a sandwich and I got him a sausage McMuffin. Then this punk decides that's not enough and steals my buddy's order. How messed up is that? Like I get you're hungry, but so was my friend.
The McDonald's app is a great find, you can usually always get a discount or a free item. I feel like the value is fair and overall the food is fresh.
Not to sure if my burgers were just removed from the heat chute or what, but my McDouble no pickle tasted like they had pickle and when I took the top off I saw the pickle imprint it makes after you leave it there for a minute and remove them... disappointed ï¿½ï¿½
Great place to get some food. Really long line but they did their best to catch up on orders.
The McDonalds is fine, they got our large order correct and everything tasted fine, just in kind of a sketchy neighborhood. Look out for creepy dudes talking to themselves, they might punch your car.
This place is a hot mess! Very unorganized staff, poor management. multiple orders wrong, wait time is insane for a fast food joint.
This McDonald's is the best in the world. Super clean friendly service and tasty food makes this place a great place to take your family.
Pretty much same experience that u will find at all other McDonald's food is fast staff is compliant bathrooms can be hit or miss good thing is breakfast is served all day now and large drinks are still one dollar
We came to McDonald's to get 2 mcmuffins and it's been 1 hour and we havent got our order there were only 5 people in the line and we were done with it I don't recomend to go to the drive thru!
Purchased a soda at this McDonalds and walked next door for LITERALLY 5 minutes, came back and had a boot on my car! Apparently, CUSTOMER or NOT if you step off the property the owner of this McDonalds has an agreement with a private company to boot your car! I wont even get started on the ample supply of bums sitting around the property. THIS IS THE WORST SCAM I HAVE EVER HAD DONE ON ME. This McDonalds probably makes a profit off the tickets they spend the day issuing its customers. I will never again visit a downtown McDonalds!!!
Came in and asked for a cup of coffee with milk...a seemingly basic order, that I've had no problem getting at any other Golden Arches in the good 'ol USA. Was told that I could not have milk, only cream. Now isn't this the company that is spending millions to shed its "supersize me" obsesity image?  Come now.  Oh, and, for what it's worth, milk is actually cheaper than cream  (well, cow's milk, anyway...not sure about camel milk or elephant milk.)
"I've been there 5 times and still have yet to get exactly what I ordered. No one speaks English!

2021 update: it still sucks"
Super fast. Guy who took order was a professional. I   m at McDonald ½ï¿½
They had those cool self order things. They weren't super responsive though and it was kind of annoying. Everything else was good, or at least normal for McDonald's.
I had the wosrt experience at his place really bad costumer service I think the employees need more motivation manager so rude I ask   to place my order and she aswer don't you see the order computer there I was I'm sorry I'm visiting for the first time this place !!! Her answer was I'm busy right now!!! Don't recommend this place sorry !!!
"Tried to get a Happy Meal, today after the Marvel Show at the arena. The cashier lady was high, as in intoxicated, unbelievable.
Bringing up a report to the City."
Drive thru didn't put napkins and sauce that I requested.
Horrible service. They got our order wrong and when we went back to rectify it they basically told us that we were wrong and to take a hike. Don't go there.
Order via the app, it is the best! There are all kinds of specials every day. This McDonalds was nice and speedy.
Frys weren't hot had to ask for fresh frys and my mom didn't get big Mac sauce
Disappointed again. The gas station across the street will actually give you what you order and charge you only once for it.
Very rude pour food quality staff very not concerned with customers management does not have a clue of any policy most of tables were very dirty overall very dingy and not comfortable. Also 30 minutes signs stating you must consume your food and leave within 30 minutes from the lobby very rude very poor reflection of McDonald's!!!!!!!
It's been remodeled.it is nice and clean. I just would like more if they offered one free refill on a large coffee.
Garbage service wouldn't serve any of there menu cause of short staff on a Friday night horrible
They messed up my order and the apple pie was dry and had some plastic stuck to the bottom of it
The service was aweful, the food was bad, the basic hygiene procedures were not being respected (the cashier went from touching money to pick up fries barehanded without washing her hands), and I've been sitting on my toilet for the last 15 minutes slowly dying
I sat in the drive thru for 20 minutes just now because the manager on shift at the window was on their phone the whole time while they were severely understaffed.
Short line inside but we all had to wait 20 minutes after ordering for a small order. It seemed like they just kept serving car after car, but made all the people inside wait.
Lots of homeless people in the parking lot. It's always busy and has lines inside and in the drive through. Good hot food even if they're a little slow!
Very quick service at a busy time of day
This place was really fast for going in later at night. The food was awesome and they got the order correct.
One of the best Mcdonald   s I 
Slow location, but fries were excellent
The lobby guy is friendly but coughing by people who are eating. Staff were not friendly about no longer being able to take verbal orders and only using the kiosk.
Thanks for the free order of French fries. Remember to get the $1.00 any size of French fries. If you have to wait till they are ready you can ask for a free desert, or. Free drink. 
Earlier today a lady working there called my sister-in-law a bit**.
Was just trying to place my order in the drive through, couldn't finish ordering due to the lady closing my order prematurely.
Worst drive-thru ever I'd give it a half a star if I could. nobody's moving in there with any kind of emergency I don't think the McDonald's corporation intended for this to be a fast food restaurant the moves so slow..
The customer service is a lot better then the McDonald's off of 3300s.
We we're waiting for 20 minutes to order and she told us and the person in front to order in the machines they have inside..when she was counting money and her manager told her to stop and she still toke her time
Super quick super clean super friendly staff love this restaurant the children's area is always clean great prices great location in don't have one negative thing to say about this McDonald's
Ordered 2 sausage McMuffins and a large drink. McMuffins were cooked good and not burnt on the edges. Not bad
Slow. Rude.
Went here employee outside say I am the only worker and we don't have much  wouldn't help us
2 drive up lanes with really fast service. Easy access to the drive up. Close to the freeway entrance, liquor store and Starbucks. What more do you need??
The manager was really rude from the start and we stared arguing with her because the "ice cream machine wasnt working" but they were filling it up right in front of our faces and people were walkin out with ice cream overall they were just very rude
Worst drive thru experience no exaggerations from the minute we pulled up to when we got out food 20-30min. On a Sunday around 12am.
Always have a pleasant experience at this McDonals   s drive thr
Busy Saturday morning and we were helped quickly. Our order was out quick, hot, and accurate. Great place.
I came at 11:50 in and the drive throw workr was yelling  it was Veronica and Gabe working at the drive throw
Very rude staff.  Forgot 5 items of my food. Contact their phone to express my issue.  Never got a response.    Extremely rude drive through person.
I was eating here and the parking enforcement booted my car while I was eating. I produced a receipt but the man who booted my car accused me of leaving the premises so eating at this mcdonalds cost 75.00$. Dont ever go here!
Very disappointed was in line for twenty minutes. My burger was barely warm the fries were Luke warm and no salt.  I will never be back to this McDonald's
Though there may be a wait at times the staff here are friendly and take that extra moment to make sure everything is made right. I can tell that it's a very stressful job so I respect those willing to make my food for me when I don't want to do it myself.
Really nice very complex but simple ways to order friendly ppl  great place to eat I think it's the best with the new technology 5 * all the way
Back, for more! Ba, Da,Ba...Da, Da-I'm lovin' it! So should you!
I don't hold high expectations McDonalds but this was the worst one I've been to. Wasted over 10 minutes in line receiving no help and left with no food.
Can only order in the restaurant and take out M-F 11A to 2PM. Drive they is open normal hours.
Great service and clean establishment. Fountain soda machine didn't work properly during my visit and got just syrup.
This is probably the worst run location I have ever been to. Every time I come in here (which is at least a couple times a month because I work around here) there is a huge line, people begging for money, fighting, employees being rude to each other and their customers. It's not an enjoyable experience.
Best McDonald's I've had in a long time.
Forgot half our order, when my husband asked the manager to give us the rest of our food she completely ignored him twice. We're not going back ever obviously.
Everyone was rude except for the manager that helped me at the end (I think he was the manager) how hard is it to get a iced coffee and ice cream in a cup ?
Took almost an half hour to get a sausage biscuit. I haven't been to Mc Donald's in years and now I remember why. Thanks for serving a billion crappy meals.
the boy who takes the orders does not know what he is doing I was missing things in my order, but they charged me.l'll never go there again.
Argue with the manager about how their ice cream machine wasn   t working as I watch them serve someone else ice cream. The MANAGER gav
Food was gross and everything was cold. People at drive through were rude. I suggest to go to Crown Burger on N 300W. Food is great and service is friendly.
Right in the heart of Salt Lake City, so it's super busy, but it still goes at a good speed.
I ordered some food and stuff and I asked for water and they still try to charge me a dollar for the water unacceptable I have gotten free water from other McDonald's before I'm purchasing food unacceptable
Super busy, but moved everybody through the line like a boss, food was good and hot.
Iced coffee was watered down, & the idiots did not include syrup with my hotcakes!!!?? Not to mention food was cold and rubbery. $15 breakfast from hell
They provide me burgers at 5am for those early mornings, and 2am for those late nights. The employees are nice.
Food was good fast and friendly random stranger cleaned parking lot with bag I have him community lending a helping hand
Very poor service...sometimes they don't have things, they can't get special orders right, staff is rude...all-around bad experience
Very slow service usually not worth my time trying to stand in line with what I have seen
They missed half my order and I tried giving them a call but they sent me straight to voicemail or would answer and just leave the phone there this is by far the worst food chain I have ever been to and pretty much just stole my Money
Not a 24-hour location. If you're not running a 24-hour business, then make you advertise your open and close times accurately.
The service is fast and what you'd expect from McDonalds.  The only frustration is the traffic at this intersection.  It can be tricky to get in and out of depending on the direction you're traveling.
Customer service was in okay I wish I spoke a little Spanish it would have been better if you know what I'm saying
Stay away from this place!!
The employees were very rude and very unpleasant. Need better people skills. And better staff
No customer service skills. Every time ive been there they have been rude for no good reason.
Always fast no matter what location.  The food is always consistent.  The classic taste of McDonalds never gets old to me!
There Pumpkin Pie  ½
They always overcook the nuggets and now the tenders, horrible!!!
The only Mc that close s at 6pm and go,s to driveway only!
Covid is over can we please open the restaurant up?!
Their free WiFi unfortunately does not work properly at this location at this time. That should probably be maintained pretty soon.
The only draw back was that their dine in closes at 8pm
They should probably update their signs so that we know the times they're actually open.
Really strange because of giant touch screen ordering stations. There's a guy that directs you to them. The stations are slow to respond to touch and generally slow to use. Just hire some darn cashiers...
Homeless people will ask for money in the parking lot. The restroom has always had a dirty homeless guy washing himself or in the toilet stall  EVERYTIME that I have used it.
They charge me for umsweet  ice coffee even I never have coffee in whole life also they charge me twice from my card because I handover my card to cashier
Super quick and correct even with modifications.
Why do I eat here? Love the security guard. Imagine Biggie Smalls shouting Have you finished your meal sir? You can leave now!
Its clean
Why did you give me all the wrong orders?
There ice cream machine was working atc1:30 in the morning!!
Place is always steady but they get orders out and have good customer service skills
Food is usually pretty fresh at this location. Make sure to check your order when you use drive thru
They should probably prepare for the midnight and after rush that they seem to get EVERY night.  It can't be a surprise.  5 minutes waiting just to order!
Honestly worst McDonald   s drive thru in salt lake. Whether it ½
"Ghetto, dirty, one employee in particular was extremely rude and clearly didn't want to be there.
The food came out quickly so there's that."
The Security gaurd was rude and dismissive and for the second time now the man at the pick up window completley ignored us even though OUR food was ready and gave ( tried to give us the wrong order.)
The people was nice, but they charged me $ 1.09 for a cup of ice on a 100 degree day
The McDonald's employee straight up lied toy face when I ordered something and asked them to make an order special to accommodate my needs.  McDonald's needs to reevaluate customer service.
The drive-through workers were extremely  helpful and verified my order at both windows.  I was impressed with that!
Clean and the staff was awesome. Food got to us quick... Note to customers the Restrooms lock
Worst experience at a McDonald's restaurant. Dont waist your money at this location.  Recommend going somewhere else.
The Big-Mac is better than ever.  And the Junior Mac is great. You gotta love it.  Food is consistent at the 90th South location.
They've made some improvements.  The help is friendly.  You still have to keep an eye on your vehicle though.
they skip me 2 times and they took for ever  to give me my food to the point they forgot what i order well not be going to that one ever again
Worst service, employees are rude and disrespectful don ½
Single meat pattie on both double quarter pounders that I ordered...no time to go back...pretty disappointing.
This McDonald's is the best one in the area. It is always pretty clean and always good service. They can be quite busy sometimes though.
Long wait and often they are only doing cash have waited in line for ten minutes to find out they are only doing cash a few times. Last few times I stopped it was better.
I was about to walk in but every door was locked, I called and they hung up on me
Bad customer service. Manager flipped me off because i didn't know the menu
It's still just McDonald's.
Very fast service; and some workers are very friendly!... Sometimes Filipinos don't care about the customer service side.
Always mess up the orders inside and drive up. You always have to repeat your order 2-3 times. Awful!!!
Only stopped for a friend, but the fries were hot and fresh... and very delicious! We were hung over, it's still micky dees
It's McDonalds, not much else to it. There are a lot of homeless that hang around this location though, so I'd recommend the drive through. I was solicited for money inside the restaurant.
Service was kinda fast, employees seem to have attitudes tho. Bathrooms were clean too.
Lobby closed on Sunday.  Only open Mon-Sat 9-2.
The food is always on point, but you can never predict if the service will be fast or extremely slow, especially in the drive through.
Food always tastes like it's sat under a warmer for 3hrs
Good service.  Tried the new fresh meat quarter pounder. Can't tell any difference from old one.
Terrible service and the person working the drive through had issues understanding my order due to a language barrier.
My last visit there was disdisgusting I went to the bathroom one of the stalls there was crap everywhere in it on the toilet seat and then I went to the other one and there was blood on the walls I'm never gonna to back and the customer service was not that great
Typical of corporate America to say give us money in return will give you processed food and a clown to help you wash it down.
I was told by manager, no free refills for coffee here and only decaf coffee for Senior Coffee price. Been to McDonald's all over country. Never been told this before!!!
Generally pretty fast, but panhandlers will often try to approach you while you are in or near the drive-thru, which is extremely unsafe.
It was so messy it made  my mom stressed
While the food was fine and fast, the place was a mess. Not like normal fast food, which is usually a little dirty. It was incredibly dirty.
I enjoy their pancake breakfast. It's McDonald's what more can a person say? You either like it or you don't.
These guys were on fleek!!
Employees are rude and don't like to get your order 100% right. Also doesn't like to read back the order.
Fast service, friendly staff, and my order was correct AND freshly cooked!  ½ï¿
It was sub par, even for McDonalds. The bun was stale and hard, the ingredients didn ½
I don't know why do they have pick up option with phone number, because at night they keep it disabled making it difficult for people who place order online
Went to drive thru and they were closed.
Sorry, but McDonals you're sooo prone to messing up orders... ½
Thee absolute worst service. If you feel like waiting an hour for anything I suggest going elsewhere. Place sucks.
Burgers were cold, fries were cold and limp and shakes were like water. TERRIBLE!
Their 2 for $20 and 3 for $10 deals are INCREDIBLE!!! That's all my family gets when we go.
The crew here is very rude and disrespectful.  Every table  was dirty and after asking to get a rag I waited another 10 min ...
Long lines. Took long time to get service.
The can be long lines in the drive thru. I've been approached by panhandlers here despite the presence of security officers.
Good place to eat have to use drive thru till one pm.
It's okay it's not the best part of town a lot of homeless people and Drug dealers around I was just applying for a job if it's the day I'm thinking of it gets crowded a lot of Travelers it's clean you have to get permission to get into the bathrooms that sucks
App wouldn't work...dinning room supposed to be open til 2 pm was closed before 130 pm
When the sign says 24 hours, it's not okay for the cashier to refuse to serve a customer. Will be talking to their general manager about this.
they ½ï
Morning better service night ppl suck rude
It is fast food at it 
Typical McDonald's. The food was good and the service was friendly and fast.
Fast, never had a rude employee. Will keep coming!
20 piece McNuggets and mustard sauce. And a large fry. Heaven. Three stars because McDonald's. It would have to literally blow my mind to get more than three stars.
Definitely better now than a few years ago, after a 15 year haitus, it is my preferred fast food
Sucks. Consistently makes hard/overcooked/dry food. Fries are never salted. Tea is whack asf
Picture very dissatisfied with this location they do not value customer service I do not appreciate being forced to use a mechanical device to order my food I want to talk to human being when I order
Got my order quickly, still hot and they got everything right, just as I had ordered.
People here are hostile and not safe... choose a different location please.
Made me pay $1.29 to use the restroom, won ½ï¿½
I was impressed with the self help menu machines. My order took only one minute.
Arrived 15 minutes before 4am, they were kind enough to let me order breakfast and wait at window
Warning!! Use drive-thru ONLY! There is a Predatory Towing Company (ABC Towing)  that WILL boot your car! And force you to pay CASH ONLY to have the boot removed.
It was nice and clean with great service but the portion was kind of small
Was treated like a number only. Food was ok but not the best hard around the edges my food was kind of thrown at me not a good experience
I am so Embracing too the Quick Fix of the Sausage McMuffin as I love the flavor of the Sausage and the Toasted McMuffin one McDonalds has the Best Toasted McMuffin  
The so called manager was mean as hell they told us that the ice cream machine was broken but we literally watch them make the ice cream and we saw a guy walk away with four McFlurrys, and told us shes gonna call dispatch
I like the touch screen kiosk. Quick order and they bring you your meal. Clean bathroom as well.
Food was good. There were alot of drunk homeless people make sure you get change for them..
I love it
add a maintenance person was very rude to me told me I was in his way and I Curtis Lee moved out of his way on purpose then you got a big guy coming up with no uniform or anything asking me if I got a problem it's not a good place
because the sausage mcmuffin is reasonably priced and it confuses me when ask for one I always get the overpriced awful one
Worst McDonald's I have ever been to.
Terrible location to go to I waited for  25 minutes in the drive-through I told three different people what my order was and I still managed to get the wrong drink and a hair in my burger do not go here !!!
Excellent customer service very polite employees good price very fresh and warm food
Very good place. I love it
Love it's open All hours
Love the French fries. I also like the strawberry watermelon slush.
they wouldn't let me order an ice cream cone and they were super rude about it!
Opened on time at 6am. Quick service but dry bacon n large coffee not filled adequately
It took forever and not fresh. Woman very mean to me
Very slow drive thru. People are lazy on preparing orders and take forever.
Got to the window to pay and the employee was just sitting on her phone. Honk 3 times nothing. So I yelled at the window and she finally looked at me 
Was not open very rude, couldnt even ask a question people just walked away
Worst experience I have ever had I waited over 45 minutes for a kid's meal and a sandwich that kitchen didn't know how to run the kitchen or how to place orders my order was wrong we had to keep correcting everyone was rude and ignored us all it was the worst experience I have ever had with McDonald's I would not suggest ever going to that McDonald's
The Employees are really nice & patient. Peaceful enviornment & quiet with a relaxing atmosphere.
Worst service I've ever received. Didn't understand the difference between a regular burger and a a grill burger. Meal was completely wrong.
Lobby was closed but the drive thru was open. I tried  to order on foot but they wouldn't take my order.
I love the apps and rewards
Decent place to eat but I've seen better McDonald's elsewhere in the city. Needs to be updated.
"Great customer service! It was above and beyond!
Delicious food! Good prices."
Clean. This place has cleaned up. I used the screen to place my order. Easy and quick.
Nothing. Always slow order is wrong and fries are cold. I've lived in this area for 12 years and the last year has been the worst ever!
Excellent service...!!!
Very pleased with the quality of the food and staff at this particular McDonald ½ï
gross food and service from manager . the only good thing is the guy who was cleaning the lobby  and the cashier.
McDonald's is always a place I can "refuel ";  it's fast, clean and friendly employees.   I can  always good food.
The inside says "please dont walk through our drive thru" but the customer base says "I'm going to anyways"
Probably the best McDonald 
Very unprofessional staff. Complained about receiving the wrong order they charge me extra to change it!
Old fries , wrong order...good sandwich even tho' it wasn't mine
At night it is an incredibly long wait, but the staff has always been very nice
Worst experience EVER!!!!!!!!! employees fighting in front of customers, waited with my family (hungry kids) for more than 25 minutes to get our food..please don't come to this place!!!!!!....
It was slow service n cold n old burger
Slowest drive through I've ever been to. Waited for 30 minutes. SMH. Why did I waste my time?
Food was hot n fresh. I was there for just a few minutes.
Its a McDonald's.  The food is what you would expect. It's in a poorer side of town. At times some of the more interesting people come out to panhandle.
The table wasn't clean and the took a long time to get my order complete and still I have to go and get my food.
Never gets the order right!! Manager Olga dont know how to be a manager.
Nice accurate and quick service. Thanks!
This worker kept watching this family and harassing them, you could see the visual discomfort as they tried to enjoy there food with there family.
Food was good, we had some difficulties with our order.
Good breakfast sandwich.. not friendly assistants, no happy face here so be sure and give them one of yours :-)
The brief interaction with the cashier was almost non existent. The large order of fries was more of a small order of fries.
I mean I guess it's food that is etible but a trash barricade kept me from going inside so I had to use the drive thru
Food was fresh. Person up front was personable. New updated remodel.
OK food, wonderful and friendly staff. Really great at there jobs.
Standard Mickeys experience
I've been waiting in line for 32mins, still no help and I have about 100% chance of them not getting my order right. I hate them!
Drink machine did not work and order not correct
I asked for extra sauce, paid for that sauce but ended up with less than they normally provide..
THE MANAGER JAMES McSPLOOGED ON MY McSPICY I CAME 3 TIMES TONIGHT THANK YOU FOR YOUR SERVICE, SIR, I RESPECT YOU AND ADMIRE YOU THANKS AGAIN
Eh it ½
Terrible customer service. Don't plan on a friendly greeting and don't pay with cash, it will take forever to get help at the register.
rolled up to the window and someone told me the power was out. 10 minutes of my life i'll never get back.
Change the time if you ½ï¿
How do you mess up an egg mcmuffin? Extremely dry buns! I was checking for mold they were so dry.
Mc Chicken Was Very Old Taste Like Cardboard. Not Very Happy...
I love their soda machines. Haven't ever seen them anywhere else!
Very poor service, cashier was treating customers very poorly, was very forgetful and when reminding her she gave attitude, never coming here again
Their very fast my food was great
We all know this place, food has gotten much better though!
Food ok new chicken sandwich not so good dry
They are so friendly here and my orders are always right!
I walked from the trax station. The employees thought, I am hobo. I am not hobo. I live in salt lake city.
They're the most horrible wait time and the treat you like you are trash regardless
The staff was so rude, I asked to use the restroom and the lady working there was so awful about everything I was almost afraid to eat there let alone use the restroom...SYAY AWAY!!
Extremely slow service (usually 20+ minute wait for the drive through) and most of the time they get the order wrong.
I usually get decent service, but not always. Night crew is severely under staffed.
Not the best neighborhood. Has a security guard inside. Service and food are always good.
They always get my order wrong and make me pull around the front to wait for my food
The employees are friendly and welcoming! The restaurant is very clean!
If you ask me this is the best place to go if you're looking for a good fast food restaurant for breakfast.
Fast, friendly, always get nuggets they have the best honey mustard sauce!
It was McDonald's. ... what else can I say? Well, for an inner city McDonald's, it was as good as it can get. No problems or complaints.
They do what is expected. Inexpensive food delivered in a quick manner, so we can get where we need to be.
Fast. Hot. Employees seem to all be wearing masks so that ½ï¿½
Rude. Workers barely speak english. Went to manager about rudeness and she didn't care.  Won't eat there any more.
Fish Filet all the way. Always has been my favorite. Stupidly good sandwich.
This is just the worst possible food u can it. Service is ok tho.
This location is your normal very quick and excellent service McDonaldï¿½ï¿
Service was fast and prompt...people were friendly and very helpful.....
They were very slow at the drive up. Their food was ok
They booted my car.  Wouldn't takenit off without paying $80 cash only.  Shady place.  Beware - don't park or eat here.
New hires taking order the night shifts are so sweet and well behaved. But McDonalds itself is NOT
Does anyone work here??? We have to order ourselves I don ½ï
Hot food was hot. Cold food cold. Tasted fresh good service
Service is always good restaurant is always clean and it lives up to the family  restaurant image.
Good breakfast quality and other items
They make you purchase something before they unlock the restroom door remotely. The cashiers are rude as well.
Took like forever to get just a large sweet tea. Must have been a slow night.
When I told the cashier my drink wasnt right he argued with me that that's how they make them there.  No way!
All the Macdonald  r having  problems  with getting  people's on line orders ready
McDonald's is all right I only come here if I want something fast and cheap and I got a hot and spicy McChicken
Long wait, employee didn't know what he was doing. Manager seemed associated with employees and with customers.
Very lazy and not willing to help with any questions ans the manager doesn't have time to talk about an issue I was wanting to talk about.
It was the only place open on Christmas morning to get coffee, you would think that McDonald's wood close so their employees could have a Christmas with their family.
Now with self-service kiosks so you can be sure to get a correct order.
Had to say hello at the drive thru over and over to get anyone to take an order .   And of course they had no ice cream
Worst service in the history of human time. Waited 30 minutes for a cheeseburger. And the store was dirty!
Service was nice but food was a little overcooked,not really fresh
Great tasting food not the healthiest but still very good.
It was not a clean restraunt at all to many homeless people in there watching you eat and asking for food
I recommend this McDonald's in salt lake City.they allow us to charge our phone.and warm up.
Always homeless people there bothering patrons! Shake or milky not thick!
Service food served at McDonald's Jesse really stood out but I do give this place into CA re Dee
How the hell do you rate a Mickey Dee's. Food the same in all of them, some have decent or even great help, so many have truly worthless turds..........all a management issue.
Never come back to this place again the french fries were hard and cold and so is a chicken nuggets
Nice
Bathrooms are dirty and messy front lobby look good tables were wiped down and cleaned good hot piping food
It's McDonald's, and exactly like every other McDonald's restaurant.
every child likes it but I can't stand it ... there should be a fit or natural line that I would like
To be honest the food was bland and nothing was really good, service was sluggish
Drive thru is horrible. Mess up my order EVERY time.
The food was dry, the fries were stale.  I had better at other McDonalds.
Stop here almost every morning before work. Bacon egg and cheese biscuit is delicious
Slooooooooow. After confirming the order three times they still got it wrong. Also, it's so freaking slow.
Buttermilk chicken was dry. Horrible meal. And cashier was really rude.
Sevice was very bad and employees were not in uniforms  no napkins and letting a person dig through the trash  and employees waiting on other employees before customers.
Food always fresh. Love the iced tea!!
Clean, nice people. Chicken strips were overcooked and rubbery, even when I got a second order.
They never get my order right wait is forever and no to people friendly
500 south is the best location in the valley (: probably thanks to the awesome supervisor and management
Typical fast food place. Impatient sometimes kirt employees.
Good place
Prefer other locations. Always security inside here and constant shady business going down outside.
Five ½ï
Food and service where good but too many homeless roaming outside.
some homeless was there semi clean although great customer service
I cant find a mcdonalds downtown anywhere that can get it right. Terrible food. Bad service.
Worst customer service I've had at a fast food restaurant.
Nice to eat in a group of hobos...I heard a lot about the way cows are killed for some reason
It's McDonald's...... When you want McDonald's it's perfect. I hope they install more kiosks so you are less likely to engage with people
Usually good staff. The security guard is a really nice person
They were fast, friendly and accurate in our order.
Average McDonald's, check to make sure you have all your food.
Terrible employees and shady as hell location. Its like that's homeless deadbeat central over there
It's a McDonald's. Luckily, they have a fast drive through.
Im glad that they have kind spanish speaking people here when my family visited SLC.
"good food, but very shady location and people in the area
feel unsafe here"
Went through drive thru great fast service wow!
I waited over a half an hour just to get to the order window for the drive thru at 12:30 in the morning
Fast service. Dual lane drive thru. Same McDonald's standards.
I mean it's McDonalds. We all simultaneously love it and are then completely disgusted by ourselves when its over.
No indoor seating yet.  Went to Astro Burger instead.  Wake up McDonalds.
You have a 75% chance of getting a wrong order if you go through the drive thru
Consistent, predictable, not great but never terrible, except the coffee, skip that.
Needed to charge my phone Noone harassed me good to see there busy working and not bother fellow humans
Your basic McDonald's...finally opened to Dine in
Fast breakfast service, quality as expected, recently remodeled, ambiance of indigent rambling.
Terrible just terrible. Will not be returning cause of the long time to even order my food.
Amazing food and staff. Although they forgot to give me ketchup twice with my chips
Very good n I usually don't like McDonald's n very friendly staff
"The worst place ever!
They made us to pay 80 dollars just because we didn't walk in McDonald's first. How horrible is that?!"
First choice Everytime I wanna eat lol  
Can't get orders right. Slow service, but usually friendly staff.
Always have to pull around and park during drive thru. Whats the point of drive thru if you have to park?
Bread used for burger was very bad, it was completely different than what we usually get in other McDonald
Luckily the system makes the experience consistent wherever one you go too.
Nice and friendly staffs, however need to keep up on cleaning...
Newly renovated! Beautiful dinning room and great tasting food.
Still loving McDonald's McDonald's Coca-Cola is the best.
Late night service is horrible. 40 minute wait in line. They don't do curbside.
Beggers knocking on car windows..swarming all over the parking lot
Been twice this week and the place got our orders wrong both times.
Slow service, full of dirty, vulgar customers. Wouldn't take my kids into this slum.
I don't want to order using the computer. It's confusing and slow don't force it. Let me order with an actual human.
It's McDonald's. For a busy downtown location they do a good job with morning, lunch and late night speed of service
Claim to be open 24/7 apparently not on Wednesday
Easy to feed yourself 
Had to use the computerized ordering system in the store self serve, the employees didn't even know how to use it go figure
It's hellaciously slow but overall the workers are nice!
Good service and clean but in a rough part of town
Went twice to men restroom and 0 paper towel. Told the front desk lady yet no action :(
Food is always fresh, customer service is excellent!
This location is only open until midnight now. No longer 24/7.
I like the drinks and they always give me a cup of ice for my dog
Don't go through the drive thru..   everything was COLD
The service was good and with a security person on site, nothing shady was going on.
You are forced to place your order using the kiosk; quite a pain in the neck for the computer challenged people in the world
No longer open 24 hours. Closes at 11 pm nightly.
The McDonald's app keeps malfunctioning. It says you've used the deal when you haven't.
No shakes, wrong order, long wait, bathroom locked, sloppy coffee, wrong coffee, just not great at all.
Sometimes the butcher the iced coffee. It's McD's othery
The food was cold and not what I ordered I did drive thru.
Relatively quick drive through, food was fresh.
Woman at cash register refused to take my order....want me to learn a kiosk.no way.
They've changed the ordering process and it's awful, people helping are considerate though.
They were fast, but my fries and sandwich were cold.
Way under staffed.   20 minutes in the drive up window and terrible service.
F***ers put a boot on my car even though I bought some food bring someone with you and have them wait with car and keys
Renovated and they did just that; ask me again when I go back
Its fast but its McDonalds never been a huge fan
They don't like to give creamer and get upset if you want refills.
Good service, Spanish/English. The restaurant is very nice, remodeled.
The manager was disrespectful and Rude. All the staff was very unprofessional. Will not be returning.
Can't wait to go again.
Says open 24 hours, false! Not open 24 hours.
Just about every worker at this McDonald's is rude
It's fast and convenient, what more could you want?
Terrible. Restroom is locked. Has no electrical outlets. Employees are rude. Doesn't deserve my business.
Literally worst McDonalds ever service ever. Never sat in a line so long....
No dining,  had to order take out.
Nice employees great service hot food fresh
One snotty cashier..to the next .. they need to teach friendly customer service
Tasty for fast food. Got to love a Big Mac occasionally.
Food was OK, but they didn't bring it to your table as advertised on the kiosk.
As usual,  they messed up my order
They water down there sprite! Live by here an everytime i order sprite it is watered down
Customer service was horrible and the security guy was mean and horrible.  Will not be going back!!!
Need to pay attention to who,s at there drive up.... Menu
It's food, if your hard up.
I have been here several times but they do miss food here and there.
About what you'd expect from McDonald's, but it seems the franchisee forgot to pay the heating bill. Unprofessional (and cold)!
Food was perfect and I got it extremely fast.
Good service during the day night manager  
My kids eat every bite. So I love it.
It's almost 3 am and it took 40 min for me to get to the pay window
It's McDonald's we all know what to expect
They play lots of mo town music. Nice place
My food was old and stale. Barely ate my egg and cheese biscuit same with my hash-brown.
Fast McDonald's drive thru in the downtown SLC
The where crazy busy. But got through the line quickly.
Can ½
love their diet coke
Coffee good. Hot. There is no dine in.
This location is a plague to the McDonalds name.  2nd wesr and 5rh south slc
Great food even good people and great prices too.
Their sprit soda tastes just as faucet water.
Average service and food, long wait times at night and not in a great area
They decide to take their time; even when its a fast food and get timed
Twice I've tried to get ice cream or Mcflurry & never have it
One of the 2 drink dispensers not working no sign saying out of order
Late night run to McDonald's. Great service
The place is disgusting. Service was slow and the got my order wrong.
The Fry's were perfect and the burger was very delicious!
Milkshake machine seems to be broken as much as it works. Mediocre service and disorganized employees.
Little bit ghetto here, but the food and service is good!
Actually I hate McDonald's  ½ï¿
Employees there very rude, well be a very cold day in h*ll before I make that mistake...
Food was good but the coffee was watered down horribly
The ice cream machine was...in fact....broken
I only go here for breakfast, I don't like there regular menu items.
Fresh remodel with all the accommodations for everyone's special needs.
To much begging for money from homeless people come right up to the car
It's a McD's. But the service is better than most...
Great food, restaurant and bathrooms were clean!
Fast se vice. Mediocre food. Great prices.
Line was short. My order came fast.
It's just up the block from where I live and they are usually fast and friendly
Bad service, cold food. Never go there
Closes during business hours for the lobby.
Dont go at night their unstaffed orders take forever
Great service
It wasnt the fastest service but it was fine
Catered to my needs for both me and my dog
I walked in to meet a friend that was eating and ended up with a boot on my car. Don't go here
Good
I had chicken mc nuggets. They tasted y they had been sitting for awhile.
Sausage burrito for $1 is the best breakfast deal in town!
Never gets order right takes along time to get your food
Got harassed by a security guard minute I pulled made for an uncomfortable experience to many homeless people around
"Clean and friendly
And its downtown SLC so walking is good"
I placed my order on a screen in the store. It was very efficient. The staff are very friendly and helpful. However, you find a lot of people hanging around the place because of a liaison office of one of the Latin American countries. The environment is somewhat sombre. Other than that we had a good meal.
After many years not eating junk food this time I found the big Mac was worse than long time ago. I guess downsizing pickles and tomatoes is their answer to healthy foods and cutting costs. But of course it filled me up.
What a great experience at 1:30 on a Sunday morning. Tons of people hanging out and having a late night snack. Place was clean. Food and service was prompt.
Tried to use the self service kiosk and the coupon from the MD app on my phone, the kiosk system went down and didn't process the order, pushed the help button on kiosk, waited for awhile until the cleaning lady offered to help me but couldn't fix the issue so she asked me to get in line and place the order at front- at least 5 min passed before I got to the front and I explained the issue and situation with the kiosk then the lady at front say " sorry your coupon said it was already issued (used) I told her yes, I used it at kiosk but the order was never processed there, she had to call the manager and I have to explain again the issue to her so it took more than 15 minutes no place a simple order with a coupon from the app
Mostly, the down trodden community comes here but is less crowded, and you get your food quicker.
Im not fan of this place, but always I visit I have a very good experience.
Quick service. Ordered via the McDonalds app. The staff were friendly. There are electronic order kiosks too should you prefer that type of experience.
Good location, enough space, cheap prices
Very dirty in the hall, fast service, delicious food
A lot of homeless folks at this 24/7 location food comes out really quickly
"Reasonable service and good hot food. One Korean employee doesn't speak English so, train him or keep him in back, not at cash register.  He ignore all and says don't have it to everyone.

Need better management decisions.  Need breakfast items available at 2pm as did before"
Ordered a buy one, get one sausage egg and cheese biscuit , went home, rook an hour or longer ONLY to discover there was NO cheese on either biscuit!!!!! I'm  a cheese lover, so this really furiated me! PLEASE DO BETTER!!!!!
I went to the drive thru, easy, fast, and accurate.
It's one of the busiest McD i have seen in my lifetime.
Washington DC downtown five blocks from the White House so do the math I had the munchies I needed to eat McDonald's is the place
This location has Rocket the racoon if you're collecting them.
Poorly trained staff, horrible security at the front door, by far the most ghetto McDonald ½ï
It's McDonalds, what is there to say?  I love the relatively reasonable prices (not sure why a double cheeseburger is on the $1 menu but the single hamburger is almost twice the price or why a small fries is $2.49), but they allowed me to pay what I usually pay for lunch at Panera  and not only feed myself (a hamburger) but get the homeless and disabled person asking for money outside the front door a meal that he asked for (a double cheeseburger and a slushie) when I didn't have any cash.
Clean, plenty of places to sit and enjoy your meal.
Great location in the heart of DC. It is really close to DuPont Circle. The staff was pleasant. The food was above average for McDonald's standards. Go in grab a bite in a small period of time. I would go back if I am in the area.
I'm not usually one to post 1 stars, but their service here is awful, the drive through is so slow, and we went to a mobile order and there's no reason why at a fast food place I am waiting for over 30 minutes. AND their phones not on, you can't even call them. I'm late to work once again because of them. This isn't a one time thing, its always like this every time I come here. They have lost a customer.
It   s was good service I was visiting with my husband this McDonald while I was waiting for my husband next 
"From a quick visit about 4 months ago:

Dining room was small, seemed clean (my order was to-go so didn't spend much time inside).

Loved the digital menu/self-order kiosks (ordered at the kiosk and it still gave the option to pay cash at the register, though not sure if that option's still available and/or if the dining room's even open right now...?).

Staff was friendly enough and very helpful, packed my to-go order like absolute pros.

The area where the fountain drinks, straws, etc., are wasn't super tidy (a bit of a spill on the countertop, if memory serves); however, seemed clean, otherwise.

Because it was such a quick trip, didn't get to see the condition of the bathrooms (a good indicator of an establishment's working and overall conditions, in my experience). Maybe another time?

Overall, a good experience.

Something to consider: there's no drive-through nor a parking lot and finding a parking space seems to be a nightmare/hit-or-miss in that area. Circled the surrounding blocks a few times before someone parked almost right in front of the store just happened to be leaving (not sure how often that happens, though). Score!

The previous parking spot I'd found was about 2 blocks away (doable), but kept searching in order to be closer to the other establishment my group and I were visiting prior to McD's."
They stop serving breakfast at 10:30am.  As if people are lining up to get cheeseburgers at 10:31am...
Gave me fries that have been sitting and it hard and  wasn't fresh. The sandwich was sloppy
I am so mad just imagine eating your breakfast sandwich while chewing you pull a piece of her out your mouth. That is what just happened to me.  I tried to call the store but no one is answering the phone.  McDonald's 1900 block of M Street NW Washington DC
Checkout from the cashier was fast and accurate. The place was clean, and has M/F bathrooms that we're about as clean as I'd expect from here. Menu was clear and expansive. The staff was all very friendly. Seating inside was plentiful. Food was as expected.
"This place is dirty.  The service is so slow.  So many homeless loiter here and often beg for money at the entrance.  Management and staff are indifferent to the conditions.

Steve and Piero are delusional.  The one bathroom is unisex, and you need a coin for that.  Play area?!?!?  Where?"
The employees are friendly. Food comes out slow. Too many homeless people inside beggin for money or food even though there are signs posted for 20 minute limit stays. I   m not unsympathetic to the homeless, however the staff at this location permit them to hang out (
Had trouble counting the number of fries I had ordered, had to go back three times.  Check your bag before you leave.
Seen one, seen them all. There not a lot of places in the area that have large play areas so children tend to love this place. If you want your kids to run free and havd fun this is as good as option as there is here. They tend to have a lot of private events on weekends, but the restaurant nonetheless remains open to the public.
Every two seconds the door flings open with another customer and you freeze to this cold weather. On top of that the bathrooms require a token to be inserted and can  be obtained by anyone at the registers free of charge. Meanwhile there are fully unlocked and working bathrooms on the second floor that everyone can use. The worse part was that the entire staff was Mexican and did not speak one word of English to each other. As a matter of fact they were laughing and having a great time in their own language while taking my order which is extremely rude to me and to other customers.
This place is newly renovated, but it is not spacious. The new touch screens for placing orders are the reason for this. The new seating is cramped as well. I placed my order with the cashier and she could barely understand plain English...probably why the touch screens are there. I'm not coming back to this McDonald's.
Great place to grab something quick to eat. Its worth more then the other fast food restaurants. I've been eating more here than the other fast food restaurant. I really love this food. Thanks for all the hard work keep a lot of us happy ½ï¿½ï¿½ï
Isn ½
Punks don't know respect
NOT OPEN 24/7.  Beware criminal activity around this location.  Was almost mugged when I showed up to a CLOSED restaurant at 12AM.
Stopped by for breakfast a few times while in town.  Self order kiosks were great but didn   t have directions, I ordered without issue but watched a few people walk out after not being able to figure it out and having
Love going here, fantastic staff, clean restaurant and never have they ever messes up my order!
It was clean and well maintained. Service was also good.
Great place, not a long wait for your order even in rush hour
A little run down, and doesn't have a full menu. Really wanted some breakfast burritos, but couldn't get any. Food tasted fine, but the employees were rude. I think they assumed no one spoke Spanish, but I do, and I heard them making fun of customers and their accents and how they talk and what they were ordering.
Clean, fast service. Did not have a full menu. Strange. Sign saying that paying customers can only stay at their table for 20 minutes. Wonder what they would do if you stayed longer?
Drive thru service took 25 mins
Love the food and service
Finally last week coffee prices dropped to the advertisement rate of $1. I mentioned that it was advertisement for over a month before the reduction. The oatmeal cookies have become chewy lately, before they were hard as ginger snaps. Ultimately they're working on regaining local support. I'm a bus driver and that $1coffee helps me a lot!
I charged up on sausage biscuits before filming the dcmj joint share at DuPont circle during the inauguration. Had a good talk with Trump supporters. They were pretty feeble minded, but decent folk I guess. I bet our interaction would have been different if I was a brown person though.
"This McDonald's was so hi-tech I was unsettled. You order from machines and put your card in that way.
Like all Mickey D's, the fries are only good for about 7 minutes before they're cold and soggy. Shovel it all in before it all feels gross."
Great French fries but that as always depends mostly on when they last changed their fry oil. The nuggets had been sitting in their hot tray for too long and were dried out and looked like the had also been over cooked good friendly staff though
This place provides food like all other McDonald's does but is one of those that is untidy. Garbage is not picked up even when it's already full. And the restrooms need tokens to open which makes this experience so unpleasant. The food though is great but with all not so good traits mentioned above, it wouldn't be a good experience especially for a family dining in.
Food was great but 15 dollars for breakfast (for one person). Wow!
Staff behind the counter watched a homeless drug addict get right in my face and demand money...and they did absolutely nothing.  The guy even followed me from the waiting line to the condiment area and just kept staring.  9 in the morning during the work week.
This is the nearest McDonald   s closest to me, so I order with Ubereats, the delivery is so fast you would think it   s a good thing, but no, it   s not, it only means that orders are prepared prior to your order so even though the delivery is fast, your enti
Based on experience with mc donalds in europe, this is rather sub-par. But it is ok, gets the job done in feeding you.
What can you say about Mickey Ds? They have a decent variety on their menu.  Now,  they are making their quarter pounders fresh when ordered so you may have a slight wait.  But I'm sure it won't take that long.  I ordered the fish sandwich which is just okay. I wish they'd make it bigger and not skimp on the slice of cheese. I like their $1, $2, and $3 menu. The fries were fresh but don't come close to wonderful fries served at the BK Lounge. Take notice though king, McDonald's is open 24 hours. I'd take their fries any day at 3AM vs. No fries from the closed Burger King near my house.
Customer service wasn't great. I wasn't welcomed and the worker didnt seem like she cared I was there. I only got a 20 piece, I got it in a minute. They tasted a tad bit off than the usual nuggets so i didnt enjoy it as much. The place was clean.
Filthy environment,  broken booths, and bathroom required a token .  Staff was unable to correctly fill my order for three beverages.  I ordered a coke, a diet coke and an unsweetened ice tea.  It required 2 tries to get the drinks to me.  This experience took at least 15 minutes.
It opens 24 hours but the staffs don't let people go to the bathroom for no reason. We got there at like 8.40 pm. They are all very rude to the customers. NEVER COME HERE AGAIN!!!!!!
It is a weird experience. The food is really good but the service is horrible. The place is dirty. The customer cant get a tray after a certain time. The problem is all the tables are dirty which makes it even more frustrating.
CLOSED. UPDATE YOUR HOURS. GAS PRICES ARE WAY TOO HIGH FOR CUSTOMERS TO UBER TO YOU, THINKING ITS OPEN. RIDICULOUS.
Not your best McDonald's but the fries are hot and the ice cream machine works. Tables are a little dirty during lunch so be prepared if your eating in to wipe before you consume
It was okay, staff was nice the food was not comparable to other McDonald chains. French fries were freezing cold. Inside needs to be redone and has a slight stench.
I used the McD's mobile app for the first time. There was a "deal" available through the McD's app that was a great value & fit what I enjoy at McD's (occaisionally). Everything processed for the order... once I succeeded in completing the order with small amount of difficulty. Checked my account two days later as part of semi-weekly review. The McD's mobile ordering double charged me for the order. They processed two charges for the one order. When rhe corporate McD's was contacted they apologized, stated the program has occasional quirks (being worked out), and told me I needed to drive out of my way to go back to the store to get my money back. After explaining that they would have to reimburse my time and expenses to do their legwork in correcting their error of stealing my money AND explaining that they simply review their detail processing report of electronic charges for the two transactions (I provided the actual transaction info for date, time, #'s etc) they agreed to process the charge reversal.... because they WOULD NOT reimburse my time/expenses to return to get my refund of money they stole out of my account. After considerable time and insistence on my part, the manager agreed and reviewed the transactions report, verified the double billing, and assured the charge will be reversed. I got a follow up call from the area manager for McD's who turned out to be VERY unprofessional and rude in her attitude and handling if the matter. She actually admitted she hung up on me when I was reprimanding her on her shortcomings for not listening to what I was saying and continually speaking loudly over me, while I was speaking. Interesting..... is this how McD's is improving the bottom line, by stealing? NO ONE at McD's, even after explaining the process to correct an improper charge, had a clue how to address or willingness to pursue. They directly stated it was on me. I had to come back to a store, out of my way, to get a refund of my money, that they improperly seized from my account. Unbelievable as that is for my 1st mobile order/purchase experience w/McD's they were excited I used it and recommended I try the mobile order system again soon. Yeah right..... I'm gonna use a system with a 100% failure rate (my experience) and that they have no knowledge of how to process system failures, that do occur to their admission & knowledge. Horrible experience in all regards. Clearly rolled out the program with known links and poor or no training in corrective measures when incurred.
"You guys do have mocha coffee, right? Cause sometimes ya'll think I'm talking about a frappe. And then I give up and ask for a regular. I mean I don't really care, but sometimes I suspect I'm being gaslighted. Like you guys know something that I don't. You know what I'm saying?

Where you keepin the mocha man"
Worst McDonalds I have ever been too. The water they provided was pink and when I asked if we could get new waters the lady told me all of the water comes out that way and there is nothing she could do about it. In other words she was too lazy to get me new waters. Can   t figure out why McDon
"Horrible.
Rating one star since this Company can   t seem to stay true to their word. How does it say  ½ï"
Not crowded. Staff really helpful. Electronic kiosks to use for safe distancing. Clean.
Customer service wasn't that great. After I paid for my food and my food was given to me I was told they were out of pies. So I had to wait for a manager to give me a refund which took a while.
It   s McDonalds. What do you expect? This one seems to be quick and accurate with orders and I ½ï¿½
Tastes the same everywhere in the world. A testament to the power of logistics and training. Had a quarter pounder meal. More places around the world could use their toilet token system though, deters non-customer toilet users.
For one usually it's only for coffee and to get away from the office as I stopped eating McDonald's food. The problem I faced recently was a homeless person who walked up to me and asked for 2 dollars for bus fare. When the bus stop is like 2 to three blocks down the road. I said I will buy you something to eat or drink but not give money. So,  for folks or tourists who get folks coming to them asking for money I suggest trying to offer food to them is more important then money. One thing about DC is there is alot of resources for folks who need money for bus fare or anything can find. Food too they know where to go. It's up to them to make that move. Another major situation I noticed is the McDonald's need some updating. I might know why they keep it so dull looking because McDonald's operates with the homeless so I guess they don't want to make it too comfortable. I been to much better ones who got nice and cool lounge chairs couches and OMG this one just looks ragged.
Typical, good service, busy and not overly clean. Helpful street person opening door for us and asking us to remember him on the way out.
I went thete today for lunch abd every available table was reslly dirty.  I only ordered a double cheedeburger andvdrnk and tthe food was delivered to my table pretty quickly.
There's no need to order from the drive thru because you'll receive whatever they put in your order
Bathrooms are pretty disgusting even with a numpad lock. Lots of homeless people around late at night. Same food, same quality. Plenty of seating tho.
Not much to say it was a little slow. Up next experience. Will go back if in that area.
The beat Big Mac ever!!! My McDonald's app was acting stupid but I received my order and it was great
The McDonalds on M Street is newly renovated and spacious.  You place your order on touch screen and take a table number and the food is delivered.  How about that fast food that is that and convenient.  BTW THE MCRIB IS BACK!!!!
I like that they have the kiosks here. Easy, no annoyance orders.
Went in around 10pm on a Saturday.  Not too crowded.  Quick service.  The new BBQ tenders are on point!
Not for me macdonald's but granddaughters loved ordering on screen
After spending top dollar on fancier dinning establishments it was nice not to have a meal run me over $150. They also signature sanwhichs which are quite tasty!
Very busy most of the time. Can be loud. Fast service though. Upstairs is usually quiet and good for a lunch break.
"Sorry. Old fry-oil gave the nuggets a bad taste. The level of  chlorine in the water made the Coke taste bad (tasted chlorine ) and the cheeseburger were cold a soft.
The only good was the french fries."
The right place to eat when I have no time and want good tasting food, I had Caramel Iced Coffee and I ordered a Big Mac, the girl suggested that I can get one extra Big Mac for a minimal amount, it was almost free, it was a good decision.
Loved my strawberry shake but no bathroom for the customers wow I came way from Hampton  Va
Service was good and fast. Store was clean and nicely update.
The hamburgers are the best. Not too gamey, full bodied with a hint of sage. Fresh toasted bun with a generous helping of an exciting combination of garden vegetables.
Very kind and pleasant staff members. Much Cleaner than other local McDonalds franchise locations.
The foods greatly improved in flavor and price with the new 1,2,3 menu but if there is a Wendy's nearby you should go to that instead.
Always  great food and lots of choices.the people  2ji work  here are nice,  helpful and friendly.   Food is fresh  and delicious.
Not good all the Hispanic cater to Hispanic Americans stand in the store for 20 minutes while they socializing with the Hispanics
I have always loved mcdonald's food and they have great customer service as well, which is very much appreciated by me.
This was a horrible experience food was good though but homeless people taking up the tables here and there wasn't but bout 10 tables to begin with also prices were stupid hi
To many homeless hang around there and always asking for something. It becomes annoying and you don't want to go.
This visit, they were a little slow at the drive thru. Otherwise everything was great.
It's ok, the price is a bit different then I remembered. But I haven't been to one for awhile.
Its good to see they have self order
Good food, nice place. I was in Washington DC and was hungry. Hehe order on a tablet and the bring it to you. :) thanks McDonald's
Not bad, it's not too far from my apt.
Service is usually quick but you have to deal with the homeless that will bother you outside the doors
Just as you would expect.   Fresh food served promptly.   Clean location.
Always entertaining people watching, sometimes not always clean.. mostly quick service
It's a nice place with good taste of Burger, but the associate's attitude is just so rude. Poor customers service.
Food was fine tables were dirty
I'd say a below average McDonald's. Very dirty and lots of homeless on weekends I've been here. No friendly workers here which is a McDonald's usual but you do generally get what you order somewhat quickly. It is probably as cheap as you'll get in the area.
Extremely cozy with soothing music and decor to match, very clean , duplex area.
They allow panhandlers to bother people at the door , the New Wawa around the conner is taking business away from this location , Terrible management at this MC Donalds
Hair in my food
Only two stars because their food sucks, no matter which location you go to. I was just trying to save some money and after six years of prison food I can eat just about anything.
I took fried chicken.This is the last time i take it.Feels like 100 years old.Like i eat poison.I likes the sunday ice  cream.
They're supposed to serve breakfast until 11am but they stop WAY before that.  Not cool.
The ladies are very helpful and the machine for order is so cool
stop doing business with russia
"There is a lot of mosquitoes.
The place is not clean and some kind of un comfortable smell..
I don't  like it"
Service is very fast, especially for orders through the app.
"The cheapest meal I had on my trip to DC...

Not the cleanest McDonald's I've ever been in and they often allowed panhandlers to sit literally infront of their front doors, but it served to provide cheap breakfast before the task of tracking into the National Mall each day."
I love this McDonald's. The food is very good here and the employees provide excellent service  ½ï¿½ï
This location is not 24 hours !! Please change your hours so people don't waste their time !!!
Hours liars ½ï
Chicken tenders were over cooked, or pre-cooked. Kinda tough not tender or juicy.
The environment wad "tired", I mean you feel tried  when you enter there. I won't come back here again.
By far the worst McDonalds experience I've ever had. They locked their doors when their sign clearly said they were to be open; then the staff was incredibly rude.
Staff was fast and courteous, my order was correct and food was hot.
24h McDonald's gets a 4 star review any given time. When you are rescued of hunger at 2am!
Good
I eat McDonald's twice a month and not once his it disappointed me,but i would never give it more then 3 stars
Took 22 minutes to get a cup of tea
NICE AND SPACIOUS FRIENDLY STAFF  FOOD DELICIOUS I FELT SAFE
Large amount of calories for a low price. There is a limit of 20 minute maximum for seated eatting.
I loved this place because like any McDonald's it had french fries
Incorrect delivery no tarter sauce on fillet o fish
First time by my house.  Not bad.... 
They don't even let you use their restrooms
Good fast service clean facility Family fun June 2018
Quick breakfast... Id recommend the Steak Egg Buscuit!!  
this sucks I can not even see car move 10 stars no wait 1 STAR BECAUSE THIS SUCKS not geting on this map thing AGIN I hate it
I guess their credit card system was down, however the way they let me know was rude and not welcome, then again what can you expect from a McDonald's employee.
I realized that I'm being a bit negative dealing all this low rates... anyway I've almost got 500 points
McDonald's has become the worst fast food option. Bad food, poor service at almost all of there restaurants.
Unless I ask how much something extra costs, dont tell me how much something extra costs. Especially when i use the word EXTRA.
Nice place and friendly
This is not a McDonald's that I would recommend. They have huge roaches and are not the friendliest....staff can be extremely rude. There's always some type of odor!!
Clean place, Open late, friendly employees.
This McDonalds is okay except the homeless   men inside were a total nuisance and they only had the bottom of the restaurant open I'm not sure if they have a top of the McDonalds that's open.
Lovely place.... lovely attendants charming ones.... best foods....ï¿½
Good taste like they don't change the oil
Cool staff for it to be so late cooked 2 order
Have to admit, I went here on a craving run but it worked! Gotta get those 2 for 2.50 deals and Oreo Mcflurries somewhere!
Always nice and pleasant.  Food was hot
The service wasn't the best. Messed up the order a few times
The manager on duty was great, helpful and patient.  Thank you
The Order Pay Machines are Safe, Easy & Convenient  ½ï¿½
For a McD in the city, the food was decent and the service was acceptable. The bathroom was atrocious, however.
Horrible place to eat. Felt like I was in a homeless shelter kitchen restroom are filthy  
Good food!!
It has a second floor dining area, which is something I've never seen in a McDonald's before.
A clean McDonald's that services pretty quick. The only knock against this place is that management is stingy with water cups.
Fast service of the expected quality from McDonald's.  The facility was shabby, and I didn't feel terribly safe
Best food if you are hungry again in night.
Its location is easy to get to and the employees are kind and professional
Very slow and they forgot condiments we asked for.
Good place but those homeless people outside
Experience was great would visit again and recommend others to visit to
Quick service. Hot food! The remodel is amazing!
Great Personal and Good place!
Good people working together.
Very busy in the morning
food not hot ,fries suppose to be the best, not today, dry and hard
Needs better parking, but u get hot food
It   s n
24/7 nearest & walkable distance to downtown, clubs.
Producing fatty and unhealthy food to the masses. McDonald's is a blight for any neighborhood and caters to providing saturated fatty foods.
Respectful employees, fair food, poor cleanliness of tables.
I asked the one of the employees a question and he lied right to my face
Very dirty place, tables, ground every where was dirty even not good food like the other branches...
Good food for price. Not a lot of seating.
It was so bad I throw up every time I went there, you should never go
Good is always fresh and fast check-outs
Not all that good, a bit slow and you get bothered by the people outside, just ok
You cant go wrong with cheap food and good
There Customer Service was Outstanding and Obscenely Friendly
Took a while I give me my food. The fries were overcooked.
We bought 8 dollar menu burgers and snuck them into our hotel and ate them in bed solid 5/7
HORRIBLE! Food is over cooked and tastes as if it is old or recooked!
It does not allow pets  
Good tasting food at a great price.
Nice staff. Sweetgreen staff eat here too
The place is quite run down. The food is the standard McDonald's fare.
Quick and cheap snacks on the go. Hence fast food restaurant
Nice and warm
Very good service.  ½
Poor service and always crowded. But hey it's McDonald's,  what should we expect.
They have the best deal for children with lower price
you do not get the whole change and its very dirty in there
I messed up the order and they fixed it with any issues.
Fast, quick, good! Better management control...
Dirty inside atmosphere,  food luke warm and food over cooked.
The don't change there grease and the bread taste like plastic
Horrible customer service, disrespectful employees and they barely speak English.
Google maps is wrong about the time and management would not even come to the door for me to let him know.
Had diarrhea after a burger, not clean.
Open late you get what you pay for.
Fresh and tastey, very good service.
I loved the service and the fresh food
Their coke taste bad, as they used over chlorinated water for mixing.
"On sight security
Nothin more to be said

4+ service tho"
Traditional. Staff OK. Food OK. Relatively clean
Love having breakfast and supper there
It's McDonald's. You know what you're getting.  And the ice cream machine is always broken
You will be welcomed by friendly drug addicted homeless people
Convenient for you and good fresh food
Don't like the way they answer back when you ask for something you need. They answer back in a sarcastic way. Like you're stupid.
Fast food.... Boo... But kids gotta get chicken nuggets.
Strange people here sometimes, but it gets the job done when you're in a hurry.
Good fast food. I dined alfresco.
Well it's a McDonalds. But this one is relaxed, relatively, and you must love the refill
Convenient right price good staff
It was quick easy and close for an afternoon snack.
Small but visible. Can't miss
Always consistent. Can't beat the coffee.
I don't go often but love the fries
Polite, prompt and yummy.
Its McDonald's - its quick and cheap.
its good and i really like the vanila shake here
My daughter got locked in the bathroom .
Fast with good customer service skills
Very helpful staff with orders
Don't compromise your health with unhealthy & unsafe food
Want a Shamrock milk shake before starting my 31 days weight loss program.
It's a McDonald's. Good location though and will kept.
The staff is very rude and unprofessional and its dirty
Always open. Good for a quick bite
Awesome service and yummy food!
Organized on-time pickups
Great times w my boys
Says it was open 24 hours but was closed early
Good place for you short hungry
Nice place. Friendly staff.
Hard to get in and out. Other then that it is a regular McD's.
They had a fight in that mc donalds seen it on youtube..lol
The breakfast biscuit sandwiches are always good.
One of the best McDonald's in the area in and out
Uhh you ohhijuoohhhi hi uuhhh up kjkkkpi
they don't have the full menu available.
Fast service with call in ordering for faster service.
Great service!!!
Food was savory and quickly made.
Thw employees make mistakes and unfriwnsly
Good for some good and cheap food
Currently 3:37am. Not open 24 hours
Hated it rude customer service
The rudest stuff in DC, and it's not open 24/7
Good food, less wait!
The girls speak very badly to the customers.
Good customer service experience.
Decent food in an okay atmosphere.
Ok. Atmosphere not so good.
this place close soo early
Too many homeless people hanging out.
Not open 24 hours. Hugely misleading.
Worst mcnuggets I've had so far in the entire world
Pretty typical. No issues.
hot day, cone wasn't frozen enough
open 24 hours, free coffee refills, wifi
Caramel Macchiado  that rivals overpriced Starbucks
Great ice cream, so consistent
McDonald's is really good because the fries ect are really good
Good people serving
It's always the same as all other Mcs
Ice coffee is my thing at McDonald's...4 to 5 a week....
Too much sauce on my sandwich
Even with a dollar, one can get something to eat
Service a little bit slow
Your normal neighborhood McD.
Great friendly service.
Very clean and friendly staff
Not restroom available
I'm like Fast food
No english, just mexican speaking
Okay need better security
Not 24 hours. Zero stars.
Not open 24 hours as advertised.
Most amazing place on earth
McDonald is one of the best fast food!
late night staff is terrible! 
thank you mcdonald's, i love mcdonals
Great service everytime
Like the Nationals six run promotion.
No good help
Itsa good place
Ultimately, I threw up so...
It's no ihob, which is a good thing
Clean and fast service
Friendly n quick svc
Nice McDonalds.
Good, quick and cheap
Service was terrible
does not open 24 hours
good lunch country style
Staff was friendly
Breakfast is always good
Not clean, not good
Covid 19 precautionary and clean
Great customer service
It was cool
My place for an apple pie and coffee!
They are good in services
A little rough around the edges.
Very good for Food
Didn 
Clean. Fast service
Best take away
Great kiosk service
ýýýý ýýý
Faster, clean and kind people.
Fast, consistent service
Standard food and service
Not open 24 hours
Terrible, unhealthy, poison, deadly
good food
Clean
Excellent
Fine. Consistently McDonald's.
Really good coffee
Not bad
So fast
Good for fast food
Fast food
Good food
Fast.
Wrong hours online!!
Bad customer service
Awesome I Like It
The Service is Excellent
Good food
Good burgers here
Bubble hambger mayo
Nice and clean.
Food is too salty.
That's where you for your cravings
Yep Arch google Deluxe
Chicken nuggets were old
Late night efficient
over 1bln served
Fast service
Just like the rest
Fries never fresh.
Good service
Lot of areas to improve
SPRITE WAS AMAZING
Okay, for the most part.
Typical McDonald's experience
It's McDonald's what more can i say
Great service
Good breakfast biscuits
Budget friendly
Great service
Quick and easy
Good service
Awesome.
Fast and good
Delicious food
Super long lines
Always consistant
Great staff
Delicious food  ½ï¿½
Not 24 hours
Courteous staff
Edible.
I was just hungry
I love McDonald's
not too much
Great food
Cause is gross food
Good service
Cheap and tasty
Hate the food!
Clean and quick
Love the food
Mcdouble
Terrible
Was dirty
Wasn't clean
Good services
Fast service
It's McDonald's.  You know what you're getting.
Nice
Only one McDonald in area
love it
Fast and polite
Its okay for a McDonald's.
I/0
Very clean
Quick service
Nice
It's McDonald's, what more can i say...
Good
it is ok
Fast service
Meh
Good
Fast service
Good
Yummy
Good
What you expect
McDonalds
A godsend locationwise
GMOS
Exelent place
Nice
Fast and in and out
Nice
Good
Ok
Good
Good
Great
Good
fine
good
Lovin It!!!
Its adroable
McDonald's is McDonald's.
It was okay
Business crowded
Normal
Mcdonald's is Mcdonald's
Baltimore
Eating the hashbrowns
Clean
Classic
Love this mcdonalds
Food
Excellent 
As typical!
Excellent 
Run away !!!!
McDonald's is Awesome
Good McDonald's.
Unhygienic!
Come on its McDonalds
Standard McDonald's!
It's McDonald's
McDonald's is McDonald's
Still McDonald's
Its McDonald's
I don't park for people who visit the city, it's hard not to know  ½ï
Fast service, typical McDonald's food. A bit dirty  ½
Nothing exceptional compared to France. Almost the same choices. Do not come to the US to discover extraordinary things at mcdo
The worst Mcdo I've seen on this planet :(
The toilets were locked with a sheet saying    out of order sorry :)    and when I said I really needed to use
Not very good attention from the employees of the place. One of the employees who was serving me spoke to me in a way that was not very well seen on my part. When I got there, she looked like I was a beggar, because I was working and decided to go eat. However, the employee said as "yes, what will you want!" No! No! No! But in a disgusting way. But I ignored him and left the place. In addition, the restaurant has a second floor for those who are not in a hurry to go for lunch, breakfast or whatever. There is something very good about this place is that there are staff who speak Spanish and English. This place is also extremely close to the Honduran Embassy. I recommend this place.
I liked it a lot definitely recommended the employee Maria f I liked how she treated me
I couldn't recognize the order, so I waited for 10 minutes and verbally told them, but they finally started making it, but they brought something completely different from the order, so it took even longer. In the meantime, other customers were asking for exchanges if they were different from the order.
I will be brief: I have never seen such a McDonald's!! The furniture probably has not changed since the opening of the first institution (1948), apparently the dress code does not apply here. The counters are served by people in civilian clothes, it is not clear who they are. Okay, I ordered food on the spot to eat, he hands me a bag of food...
I love it ï¿½ï
A misery no hot coffee no fruit juice and almost nothing in breakfast. Terrible when you come for lunch. And the sanitary facilities open with a room. The greatest anything from Mac Do. Never seen
Very badly there are many homeless people inside you cannot eat in peace because of the bad smell and there are even some asking for money to buy the truth it scared me while I was inside buying because they saw that I took a 20 dollar bill and by force wanted me to give it money to buy and those who ask are not destitute
Quick off
Very rich, healthy, abundant and well attended, I was surprised by the quality
Very pleasant place with good food, good service, nice place where I will return whenever possible since it held me up a lot, I count on your presence in the place, I guarantee you will not regret it.... Sergio Rodrigues.
Classic but cold
The mcdonalds in washington located next to chinatown is a real crap, no bathrooms, no seats you have to eat standing up and full of people asking to avoid it if you can there is another one on L street correct and normal
Excellent 
Messy MC Donald's. Staff is grumpy. And the tables were very dirty. the food is fine.
As for the center of NY, it is very ugly, huge queues and terrible confusion when picking up meals, I felt like at the train station and not in a restaurant
"This branch is not good
Small and almost lousy
Part of the food is new and the other is old
In general, this branch is not recommended"
Not the best McDonald's in the world, not even in Washington. But it's fast and cheap
Good coffee, usual delicious breakfast
Excellent service and of course the chicken they sell is very tasty
Good service I like to buy breakfasts
Very modern! And the service is great
Good attention, fast service and clean and organized.
The service and the food were good. The place itself was not quiet.
Is this supposed to be McDonalds? Looks like a museum. Nevertheless nice staff
The hamburgers are rich and gigantic. They are not greasy and the serving staff is very acceptable. The place is good.
Typical hamburger at an excellent price, delicious hamburgers, breakfasts and varied desserts
Good treatment, kindness, and Spanish is spoken.
Very good
The place looks like another fast food
why do my kids like to go to mcdonalds
Very clean and attentive employees.
unhealthy
A mcdo what clean fast and inexpensive
Because they attend well, they are experts
I liked how they treated me
Diligent service and organize and very good
Fast food. Lots of people, can improve cleanliness
Burger King is better ï¿½ï
GOOD
They are very good
super good and fast
Olds here? Rename after Ricardo
Terrible
Poor 
Very good
What you order
There are employees who speak Spanish
it's a McDonalds
then the worst burger here in the US
Good attention
e other
It's a McDonalds
Excellent attention
always the same
very good
The hamburger is terrible
Not clean.
relatively average
Terrible
Bad
Excellent 
Okay
Neutral
Excellent 
Huh
Poor 
Excellent 
Excellent 
good services too
Excellent 
It's a McDonalds
Poor 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Good
Good 
it's nice
Excellent attention
month
Excellent 
Positioning accuracy
Lousy
Good 
Super
ýýýý ýýý
Excellent 
Poor 
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Terrible
Bad
Regular
One more McDonald's.
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Poor 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Terrible
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Poor 
Terrible
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Terrible
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Poor 
Poor 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Good 
Terrible
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Terrible
Neutral
Neutral
Terrible
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Poor 
Terrible
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Poor 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Good 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
"This is my first ever 2 star review.
I stopped in for a quick bit, or so I thought. I had no issue with the food or the face that there was a wait. What I had an issue with was the one male working the counter was more interested in flirting with the girl with pink hair working the fry machine that he had customers waiting for him to stop talking to her just to get them items he left off their order. At one time I was able to finally get the pink haired girls attention and I told her I was missing a coke. She told him and he went on flirting. I finally got his attention and told him I still needed my coke and he turned around and asked someone else to get it and went right back to his flirting. I do not think that his actions or lack there of reflects the overall workers at this location, but at the end of the day his actions are reflected in the review ratings that myself and others have given. The food is great, certain staff at this location not so much."
Busy loud dirty disgusting. The food was mediocre at best the restaurant was filthy employees were over stressed and understaffed so I really couldn't communicate with them. I had an issue with a deal on the app and was not being allowed to use it appropriately but ended up having to pay a higher price anyway because I couldn't relate my issue to the manager without stalling line and making people wait longer.
The worst McDonald's I've ever seen. The service is incredibly unpleasant and unwilling. You enter a locator at the kiosk, but you still have to go to the counter for your order. Find out they haven't a cappuccino. You ask what others can they offer you - without an answer. You talk about coffee with milk and you get something disgusting that doesn't even remotely resemble coffee. Without apology, with unpleasant looks and even with a rude comment among the employees. Terrible customer service.
You have never experienced a food establishment like this one before. Probably because they've all been shut down. I've been reluctantly stopping in this place while shopping in Macy's for many many years and it's the same experience everytime. At this point, I do it for the entertainment. The kiosk and ordering setup is a recipe for disaster, just for starters. But you will usually wait 30-45 minutes just to be told that all the food and everything you ordered is sold out. If you're lucky enough to get your food, and it seems edible, there's 0% chance the dining room will be open. With all that said, it's not even the worst part. The staff are the craziest, rudest, nastiest human beings you will ever experience. They have zero filter. They scream and curse at eachother and the customers. One time I got yelled at for asking for sweet and sour sauce and they then proceeded to gather and talk about me asking for sweet and sour sauce, as if there's something wrong with that. After ignoring the request I asked again and she made an over exaggerated movement while rolling her eyes and putting her hand out, telling me it was $1. For 1 sauce. It was the best entertainment I've ever received for the money.
"Beware this location.
I am a huge user of Mcdonald Happy Meal for my child so I know how to use a Mcdonald app order but this location is not working at all. Furthermore, the kiosk order system just takes the money from the credit card.(receipt paper was run out) even the person register took my order twice for one happy meal.
I paid 4 times for one happy meal. I understand this place is overcrowded in the Macy's department but they can work better. I won't go back to this location ever. Worst place ever."
"Terrible place, computers failing massive line at front to order food, 1 till open, asked management for assistance as I am a diabetic

None offered nothing we can do for you managed to get food after 45 minutes!! I was lucky my wife got the food and took over the wait

Don ½"
I waited more than 20 for a  mcchicken smh , I asked the worker if they called 115 yet 16 min in and she just looked at the screen and said nothing to me , I waited 22 minutes in finally the manager looked at me and I gave her my receipt and she gave me the mcchicken that the girl had there waiting ! I normally will not complain however this is more than traumatizing because of where it   s in ,
This McDonald   s needs to hire staff! From breakfast to lunch this place is always backed up with orders. I order my food on the McDonald   s app and give them 30 min
I don   t understand how the workers got hired, they were slow and made me wait 20 minutes for an order I had placed before I went on lunch break meaning almost 30 minutes ago. The worker didn   t even bother t
IT SMELLED SO BAD I COULD BARELY EAT I DIDNT EVEN WANT TO BREATH THE AIR. Food was fine though, nice cheap iced coffee.
Inside Macys at Herald Square wwas supposed yo have BOGO for flower show...it was not offered..
"Avoid!
Waited 45 mins for a meal. Terrible service & dirty tables. Asked for the table to be wiped, but was told by the staff it "
Waiting more than 25 mins for 3 drinks...
rude and very slow staff, half an hour before the closing of the store they closed the area with tables, I had to eat near the cash register
At 151 W34th in Manhattan NY (inside Macys) :. Twice in the last 5 weeks I've waited 30-40 minutes on an order. This location is understaffed by 3 employees. Customers were returning COLD food.
We went there today ordered just 2 drinks waited 35 minutes for them manager told us to    piss off    when we politely asked if we could get our drinks
I had recently ordered a chicken sandwich combo  3 weeks back, mind you I haven   t had it in 7 years because I knew any and All fast food is bad for the body. But baybeeee the day I opened my meal the chicken looked like a soggy wet pad with extra mayo & some green grass that looked like lettuce     but was soggy as well. The only thing I got to enjoy were my fries. I should have told them to run me my money back with a free ice cream but we all know they machines stay broke d
Regular McDanolds. Some of the staff are great and some aren't. Served their food fairly quick.
Didn't give my McFlurry and when I went up and ask for it they gave it to me all melted up, save yourself the trouble and go to some other McDonalds, workers has attitude.
Worst McDonald   s ever  half the time staffs on the phone or having conversations with each other while orders get backed up  than when you say something they have the nerve to get angry,  also the morning manager locks the doors and doesn 
"I only gave a 1 because I have to. By far the worst serviced, dirtiest, and had the most amount of rude, ignorant employees including the manager. Have been to McDonald's all over the US and several other countries and this by far the worst I ever seen or been in.
Food- 0 of 10 (cold, didn't give whole order, gave drinks that were sitting there with ice melting on a counter)
Service-0 of 10 (did kiosk order, and waited 29 minutes for my order after being told by 1 employee my number wasn't ready as it sat there and I saw it. Manager looked at me/over me 3x before asking me what number I was. Then a lady came from the back of the kitchen and helped me as best she could.
Will specifically tell people not to go here when they travel during the holidays. Its a shame this place isn't kept up with like the rest of the macys store and stores around it."
Clean and relaxing to hang out at non peak hours. Stopped to get my son a Happy Meal here and rest while shopping at Macy's. Worth it.
quarter pound deluxe no cheese???? why? cant do job right? salt even have no fry. still ate. unpleased, i hate burger kung
This staff does not regard the publicly posted hours, or the manager does not pay them to clean up after hours. I showed up at least 2 hours before the publicly posted closing time, and 30 minutes before the closing time verbally expressed by the cashier. Still, they only had fountain drinks, old coffee, stale mcnuggets, and ONE stale fish filet available. They had decided to clean all equipment and stop making food well before closing. Macy's is a long-respected New York institution. This lackluster and poorly run franchise is a detriment to a great store.
"Bad customer service! There is always a line. Employee have attitude and they just seem to not care about giving a customer service. Sometimes food smell so I decided not to go there anymore.
.
.
Prices are cheap because is fast food. I think that we should start caring about our body by giving a better health food. Once my girl and I had an ice cream we got stomachache due to the machine isn   t washed properly.
.
.
There is always homeless people also hung aroun"
What to say ½
The only reason I give this place a one is because there isn't a 0 option this is the WORST McDonald's I've ever been to.  The staff is RUDE.  We had to wait 20 minutes to order when there wasn't anyone else in line.  Couldn't use the bathroom until we showed a receipt and then there was no toilet paper.  A worker brought paper towels up,  said there was no toilet paper and let his girlfriend jump in line in front of me to use the bathroom. Couldn't even get in the men's bathroom the door was locked and you couldn't get in there.  Told the staff about it and they could care less I've never been treated so poorly.  The guy that was guarding the stairs to the bathroom was a poor excuse for an employee and McDonald's is wasting their money on paying someone to treat customers poorly.
"Trash restaurant.  So rude and gave me what I  didn't order. I order large sweet tea with no ice. First gave me large one with ice. I said no ice. Then waiting for long time, gave me a small one with no ice. So ridiculous.  Rude all the time.  Without any sorry and shame.
So never come back!"
"Terrible service. We bought a whole bunch of items and asked for an ice water.

They refused to SELL ice water to us.

I have never been to a McDonalds that REFUSES to SELL ice water. (It's usually free)

Also, the lady who took our order could barely understand English and had to ask another employee to translate for her. We ended up repeating our order three times.

This is probably the worst service I have ever had at McDonalds."
Bad experience..they even charged me 1.29 for hot water..but on the recipe was hot tea.so i go back to tell the lady i want hot water not hot tea,the lady she took back the tea bag and tell me oh we even charged for hot water too.I'm like then why on the recipe you put hot tea? She's like ok you can talk to my manager.so i go there talk to the manager and tell her what happens    the manager said yes we charged for hot water. I  left wi
The most disgusting McDs ever. Staff is ridiculously obnoxious, offensive, incompetent in every way imaginable. They treat every one that comes in as an addict or criminal. All the tables are filthy. Hispanic security guard on Wednesday night at end of shift, addressed me as mammy, when I told him that comment was inappropriate, he cursed me out, and commented that I was old enough to be his mother .... not sure how this may have made it appropriate in his head. In addition I doubt very much that statement was true... while he was talking thus... he was also changing his sneakers in the disgustingly dirty dining area. The security guard replacing him, was changing his clothes in plain sight as well... The bathrooms have broken doors, stalls are anything but private. I feel safer with the riff raff than the overpaid security guards.... Been here twice, and just when I thought it could not get any worse... Cashiers can   t do
This McDonalds gets crowded quickly so do not expect a pleasant experience. The food is good and I had a gentleman at the counter who was polite and good at servicing the clientele. Best thing to do is avoid this McDonald's at all costs unless its too hot to walk to another location.
This has to be the worst place on earth. I work here at Macy's. My order number is 282 and the food was terrible. I picked up the scrabler eggs and litterly could not shake them apart. The biscuit was colder than the weather outside. When I asked for fresh food then the managers get mad at me. This place sucks. Macy employees should boycott this place. The only reason I gave 1 star, there's not anything lower.
What happened McD? Open up!!! June 19, 2021.
Standard yummy fast food. Very quick service even though there's a lot of customers and it's located in a Macy's. The only thing is when I went to redeem a discount I had from a different branch they stonewalled me and said they had a different one and can't accept mine. Slightly disappointed.
The cleaning in this place is HORRIBLE. I walked around the entire restaurant and there was not ONE clean table to sit at
Adam is the most sincere employee an was moving fast an efficient. He should be the manager. The manager was slaking the night I was there. The place is never cleaned an Adam Rodriguez was the only one to take the initiative to clean the garbage an the floor.
"A cool little get away spot in the city when you need that FREE WIFI and also $1 coffee.  I love it.  The staff are not too welcoming, but they are in the center of traffic with people shopping and across the street from Madison Square Garden...But I still like the location.  Check it out.

Eat, Play, Shop...
Live Life Unscripted"
Terrible experience at McDonald's in Macy's. They forgot to do simle order, while told them they forgot again. As a best customet experience they are screaming number while looking on display visible to them only instead of showing on display also to customers like in other restaurants. I haven't seen such uncoordinated McDonald's restaurant. Shame shame shame
ýýýThe McDonalds took a while to get our service as it was a bit slow.... however once we recieved it, the food was tasty. The decor and surroundings provided a pretty good atmosphere. I would recommend a stop by for sure, get some classic maccas in ya!ýýý
"No self service, slow service, they messed orders up; requested no bacon in a meal but they included it (despite being shown on the affixed sticker) however food was tasty! (albeit cold)
To add insult to injury, the staff were relatively impolite"
Extremely slow and impolite staff.
This McDonald's is not a place where romances go to begin, nor to thrive.  This McDonald's is where romances go to destroy themselves, one urine-scented moment of heartbreak at a time.  No love has ever grown here.  Nothing, in fact, has ever grown here.  Plants wilt.  Children become stunted.
Ordered via display and wait 15 minutes for a sundae ice cream and then they tell you that there is no ice. No service and unmotivated staff. Unfortunately!
They need to keep their machines for menu selection up and running all the time.That enables social distancing to be practical instead of lining up to a cashier
The workers do not wear gloves nor hair nets. The setting is very unprofessional. Workers were texting and having inappropriate conversations. Poor customer service and long wait time for food.
Located on the 7th floor of Macy's. This McDonald's is a mad house! Very large crowd filled with children who want to steal your happy meal toy. We went here out of convenience but it was nothing special. Just a McDonald's oddly placed in Macys. Gotta love the chicken mcnuggets though!
This Macdonald's is a joke. Late again . I'm an employee of Macy's and 4 out of 5 times a week they open late. And the food is not worth it. 1 st class JOKE . Would give 0 stars.
Waited 15 mins for my sundae until I asked to get it. They didn   t give me a spoon and I asked for nuts from two workers and
Got a eye roll and attitude from one of the employees just for asking for the sauce I wanted for my 10-piece because she was already putting in a sauce that I had never asked for.
I liked the chicken strips.they were a little doughty though. Don't like their artery clogging burgers and fries.the coffee is better than over hyped up Starbucks.
Horrible service. Rude staff named Marian. Went to several fast food joints s in new york, dc or LA and their service was nowhere as low as this one.
Nice location at an upper floor inside Macy's. Good for tired famished shoppers. Take the window seats and get a good view of New York below.
Not enough seating but fast service. Hidden on the seventh floor or Macy's. Ask for the happy meal. It isn't on the menu board.
25 mins for a drink very nice
The cashiers are very nice and the place is comfortable. It's a great place to interact and the food is what is expected of Mc Donald's.
The security will kick you out if you don't finish your food in 15 mins. I was sooo shocked today when he came on me
"Fast service, although the table service which was supposed to work didn't work at all.
It is super easy to order on the big screens and that's a benefit."
To avoid ! Restaurant room very small. Sad for a store with 8 floors. We had to eat outside after ordering "on the spot" No place to eat! And the staff not friendly at all.
Having good experience on my recent visit, crews are friendly and helpful. At least the crews that had talked to me.
"Early morning shift had horrible service. Didn't provide a fork yet I had pancakes. Knife only.
I asked for a hot black coffee I get a foamy coffee.
I really don't believe it that's hard to take an order then have it repeated back to me at the window yet still mess up the order.
They need competent people who aren't just gossiping early morning."
This location consistently neglects basics like including sauce, utensils and will substitute your desert side for whatever else they feel like.  If you order a coffee with extras, 4/5 times they won   t put them in. I, like any normal person, loathe paying for things I don   t get! This happens often but today something egregious happened: I ordered a 3 pack of cookies. Checked the bag, there were only 2 inside. So I asked for the 3rd, a woman working there snatched the cookies from me and darted back (i assumed to grab the missing item) she returned empty handed and said more cookies are coming. I wasn   t willing to wait and asked for my 2 cookies back but She wouldn 
I stopped by on the way to work and I was very pleasantly surprised!  The staff here was not only 5 out of 5 on all things hospitality, but the streaming classical music added to their warm and peaceful environment.  Well done,  McDonald's crew at this Los Alamitos location; well done, indeed! :)  ï¿½ï¿½
"I have only ordered to go from this mcds.
Drive through screens are normally in some state of vandalized disrepair.
Service is average. Food is average.

It is Ina very visible corner. Turn into the drive through is a bit tight. You face the people exiting the pick up window as you drive in, so be mindful of your surroundings."
Not open 24 hours as maps says. If you don't have a car don't go here after 5pm.     Would be
Service is terrible here, came at drive thru on the first line and I was just one customer , so I didn   t get help from employees. Two cars in other lane which came later were done before me. I needed wait longer and let t
We waited in the drive through over 15 min after we paid.  When we received our order it was not at all made as we had requested.  Haven't been to a McDonald's in 3 years it will be at least 30 more before I return...
"Disrespectfully on all levels .  Paid 36 in cash never got me cinnabub was told it was on the bag,basically accused m
e of lieing and trying to get extra for free. Never gave me any refund and was rude. I have never felt so disrespected . Horrible for a mc Donald's."
"Horrible place for service.  I paid for my food a deluxe breakfast at 1115 AM, I was then told to park in Reserved space 1.
After 20 mins waiting I walked up tot the window and the female cashier said they forgot my order. I got my order after and my deluxe breakfast was cold! What a waste of money!"
"I ordered the new McCrispy sandwich. (Actually it's the Crispy chicken sandwich under a new name)

Yep, it's the same. Really nice, soft potato bun; the fried chicken and two miniature slices of dill pickle.

Dry, lifeless and uninteresting. How about some cole slaw or at least lettuce and mayo?"
Food was cold at the drive-thru and in the store closed lobby early it was still daylight  a very bad experience never going there again. ï¿½ï
Second position review . Best cups of coffee served here n cookies are fresh n the chicken nuggets extra crispy . Come check them out.
I had messed up a order and I called them to tell him that I want to cancel the order and get a refund but the first time I called no one answer the phone the second time I called it answer with a ring but no one talked and that  happened to third time too I don't know what's going on. The phone is probably broken but I still want my refund
I just left this location about 15mins ago. I was very unsatisfied the Big Mac bun smelled and tasted like chemicals or did not taste like a Big Mac and I   m upset because I really wanted that, I spent almost $6 just 
"Didn't go inside this time, wanted to use restroom, they were closed. And...they ARE NOT open 24 hours, ever. They dining room closes ridiculously early. Drive thru isn't 24 hours either.
Service usually isn't too good here. I come here for Uber Eats a lot. One night, three times this same location. Service was slow all three times!"
Came here to eat and although it was packed, had a great experience.  The staff were very friendly/attentive and clean overall.
We wait too long for our food, the staff not friendly kind of rude, and others macdonalds  I've visit are the same!
Closes at 5 what can I say no atmosphere. But food was hot and tasty like it should be.
This McDonald I believe this was the one down in La they are always so nice I don't even eat McDonald's right now but my uncle eats it and I go there for him to get his breakfast sometimes he likes it and they're so nice
They were calling numbers out of sequence and I had to wait additional ten minutes as I watched other people get there before me and they ordered way behind me I won't be going back to that one ever again.
First time inside this McDonald's and used the touch screen to order my meal. The employees were so helpful with friendly smiles. My order was quick and helpful. The only negative was i ask for a mayo package and was told that this place do not carry it but will give me a side of mayo for $0.30 cents. I guess 30 cents well spent.
Bad service. Messed up my order. I tried to call them to get my money back they never picked up the phone, just bad service overall! Never going there again.
Weird to review a McDonald   s
"I went to this McDonalds . Ordered two deluxe spicy chicken sandwiches with fries and drinks .

The chicken was HARD , the fries were burnt . Only the soda was acceptable  ½ï"
Ordered 3 sandwiches and a lemonade in drive thru.  After 15 minutes got 2 sandwiches and a "sprite" which was a plain soda water.
"Came on specially for an ice-cream cone. I was told that the machine was not working.
Very Disappointed"
Typical McDonald's food service is ok not the worse to be in dtla atmosphere varies since the security takes care of business.
The breakfast at McDonald's is always a hit. The pancakes are fluffy and the sausage is juicy.
They might be opened 24/7 but they only accept cash after 11pm, they don   t allow you to use the McDonalds app past a certain time (they   ll tell you to ca
This is a very nice and clean McDonald's with very fast service and now you can fill your own soda which is a bonus. Thanks Ronald. ï¿½ï
Very slow service made us wait more thank our order should ½ï¿
The food was good and fast, Dine-in a bit noisy lol
"Was served about an hour-old stale fries.  have to order your fries unsalted at this location for a fresh batch.
McDonalds is all about fries...  Please don   t serve fries that   s been sitting out for an hour.  Even McDonald   s corporate has a rule of throwing away old batches every 7 min.  either understaffed or lazy.  Why even hire a manager or use a franchisee who doesn "
"I said it was an order, went to the window to pick up the food, and asked me to drive again and queue up.
never come here again"
Mocha frappe and hot chocolate a bit bland. Blueberry muffin was good. Service prompt, employee nice.
He told us we have to go back around to order a Coke and then they forgot one of my frappuccinos but the wine was out and down the street in LA I called the manager over she took care of it right away at least the frappuccino I didn't worry about the soda my honey didn't need one anyways bad for you but every non-stop there everything was fine and it was up to par
Hot  ½
This McDonald   s is a mess. They ran
Good, fast and great workers! But sketchy people around due to the greyhound, and local bums.. But they do have top flight security around, so all around ok
Food is fine just dont walk outside as the area is filled with odd characters and not safe. Inside are people sleeping in the restaraunt and staff doesnt care so drive thru is recommended!
Very small McDonalds with security and nice staff.  Bathrooms are accessible and clean. Primarily a drive thru though
Typical McDonald's, very fast and efficient 90% of the time. Besides less fortunate people begging for money at every turn of the new drive through it is a well oiled machine...
Don't eat here it's bad for you.
The McDonalds at this location served our order quickly and right off the grill. The staff was aloof and incapable of paying any attention to the customers in the dining area. I had to request napkins as they forgot to give them. They gave me two. I had to ask again later during the meal and again they gave me two. But on the third trip I would  hope te wpuld givenl me four, no onlyntwo.
Bad service, I told the attendant 5 times what I wanted, he was Hispanic and he never wanted hear me with attention what I wanted to order, I went to the window and I told the black lady, and she understood very well my order so, when I got to receive my order, one of the items was incorrect    ï¿½ï¿½
I love sitting in the sun after going through the drive-thru getting the oatmeal and a coffee for breakfast with my husband.
Food is good, staff is nice. It's still drive thru only with no explanation. Drive thru is fast with two lines. Convenient for travelers of Greyhound and city line.
The food was ok. It's McDonald's. Though I really am surprised on how the place looked. They may be remodeling the place. It's just not how I'm use to seeing McDonald's. Not just McDonald's,but most fast food places around the country. Of course there are exceptions. This place really drops the ball. It's very sad to see. This place looks like a dump. These are very strong words I regret to say. Though they are very accurate. I should have taken pictures.
The food was fresh, it was surprisingly clean, very friendly.
"Usually are pretty good. Except my last visit, I had ordered a box of cookies. They messed up and gave me a bag which had 3 cookies in it.

I emailed them and they still haven "
Very great , not crowded at this location
"If it were possible to give negative stars. Theirs would still be off the chart.
******
It never fails that I am not returning my order.. And PLEASE.TEACH CASHIERS TO COUNT BACK CHANGE... IM ALWAYS SHORT!!!!"
The cashier was confused. I was so upset that I left without eating.
I ain't never been here dawg
Four Quarter Pounder hamburgers, and a large fry 30$,  McDonald's is expensive.
Wow the service is great the speed n the food quality.  100% I've visit 3 times in the last month. Same experience all three times. Thank you.
Very distracted cashier in the morning , not sure if she was in something
Good customer service, fast service and very patient.
This is place is always crowded with homeless ppl and their belongings. The clerk taking your order is always impatient as if they have something way better to do than assist you, and to top it off the dining hours end at 5pm so if you're not driving through drive thru, tough luck.. save your money and go to another local McDonald's or the Farmer Boys less than a block away.
The difference in taste of the meat from the Big Mac to the quarter pounder was astronomical. Like it didn't even come from the same type of animal! So will not be doing the Big Mac again. They were fast and they were friendly, but still McDonald's.
Homeless was harassing my uber customer and I told the person who took the orders at the window, black African American guy, and he didn't care to say something to the homeless. It's a dangers spot, especially at night. I hope the corporate office does something about it. Homeless guy was cleaning the windshield of a car that litterly on the drive through and he was at next to the window while he was cleaning the windshield. Employee never said a word to the homeless. I thought I was in a gas station for a moment. Very poor service. Fire the employee. Saturday night at 1am
"Update: give a raise to the cashier and everyone who taking out the trash in this heat!

Always empty in the morning which is good if your in a hurry , also staff is super friendly"
Ronald McDonald must of had a store meeting with their employees....BIG IMPROVEMENT ! Hot food ,good service , CLEAN dining room and no more bad attitude make McDonald's great again
Placed a mobile order and it went through. I ordered large fries but then the manager refused to give me my order because their system was down. I showed her my order and she still refused. She said I should cancel it. When I asked how she said she didn't know how. Horrible service
Way over priced. They recycle their fries now because every time I go to one of these places the fries are cold and chewy. The double cheeseburgers taste as though they were microwaved. I don't know I think they're trying to save money or something but it's not going to work for me anymore. Especially at the sky high prices. Sorry no can do
Okay sanitary don't like the car too much videos nice clean
The inside is always closed and never open the drive-thru line is always long and they do not provide a sign saying that the inside of the restaurant is closed but we're paying $15 for a meal.... They also had an employee that was sitting in there I tapped on the window to ask her where they open she rode her eyes and turned her head people should do that when they're at work ï¿½ï
Got myself a mid afternoon mcafe mcompanied by a couple mcdoubles. The burgers went 1 for 2, with one being nice and warm with the other needing a microwave minute or two.  My ice coffee was Ok. Not much else left to say. Even if the food/drink isn't always 100 percent on point here, I'm still a supporter. Staff is cool , and they're trying to make it work.
In a high crime area. Homeless begging for handouts at the drive-thru and even robberies in the parking lot. Drug paraphernalia litters the parking lot. Security is very helpful considering they have no LAPD support.
I recently went there having to use the restroom in a emergency, then they told me I have to purchase something saying it with a rude attitude, so I told them I left I wallet in my car can I please use it then I   ll get my wallet and purchase something? They said no we don   t ca
If you ever order at from location to go, check that you received everything you ordered. This is the closest location to where I live so we order often from here and it's always the same problem... missing items from our order. I guess the best way to get everything you're paying for is to dine in, maybe that way you can tell them right away that they forgot the items you paid for.
Food was good, customer service was great, but I wish they would follow the procedures when preparing iced coffee. I got mine with no ice, and didn ½
The worst Mcdonalds I've been in my life. I've been here a few times but they processed my order wrong each and every time. Can't imagine what management is doing to let your employees treat customers like this.
Macdonalds at Wilshire blvd is packed and they prepare order 5-10 mins.Here it took long time
Why can't all McDonald's be consistent. Half the time the food is cold and displeasing to the eye. Is it even real food?     We'll never know. Their plain black co
Wow what a McDonald's! This one has all of my favorite McDonald's menu items, like cheeseburgers, double cheeseburgers, Chicken McNuggets, Big Mac, milkshakes... My gosh they have got it all. Oh yeah, they have French fries, too! And milkshakes which taste exactly like McDonald's milkshakes. I expected that they would but you know it's always nice when things go according to plan. In conclusion, if you are ever in the mood for McDonald's food, then this location will fulfill that need A+!
I normally don't rate fast food giants and this location is in a noisy part at the edge of DTLA so it's a difficult location but they've screwed up so bad in the easiest way possible I have to rate them. The last two times I've been here including tonight they gave me a diet Coke. I know I need to diet and not drink so much sugar for my diabeters, but I didn't ask for a Diet Coke. The first instance they didn't bother to read back my order or verify at the window. This time they verified my order but left out the medium fries which was no big deal, but screwing up the Coke after ï¿½ï
It's not your typical McDonald's. They're over price on their menu plus they do not accept coupon or does any special like regular McDonald's. I think they feel the need to make their money from the Disneyland patron and it's ridiculous toward the regular customer's but it's all boil down to make money. Sometimes they can be rude toward the black customer but what to expect from seeing who goes into this franchise. Most of the customer that goes into this store are traveller which is mostly Caucasian
Gave me an uncooked Mc chicken gave me food poisoning
I'm a McDonalds fan boy and this McDonalds is my least favorite in Los Angeles if not the entire United States. It used to be average/ middle of the road as far as MCD goes but recently it's tanked and I wouldn't suggest going here anymore. I'd rather eat at the McDonalds in the airport.
Hate having to come to this place the staff is quick but they allow people to aggressively beg for money food anything they can say the drive thru sign and all throughout the parking lot of you don't roll down your window which u have to eventually bc is a drive thru. They will come to your car and they will knock on your window as is you might not be able to hear them or know they are there already should not be allowed.   At all
I went for breakfast it was wonderful
my uber eats fries were older than the toe jam between my grandmas toes. and i am missing cookies i ordered... lame!
Really good, when I ordered & paid for an espresso shot but they were out of it(    ½ï¿
Horrible place bad service. I ordered at 3:40am didn't get my order until 4:13 I was missing half my order and when I told them they had the nerve to say they will replace it for breakfast items because they no longer serve lunch. It's not my fault they can't do their job correct and get orders right!
If you are visiting this particular McDonald's you'll notice that you are very nearly in the middle of the strange no-man's (or woman's) land encompassing skid row and the new upwardly trendy lofts and shops that seek to define Download Los Angeles. This McDonald's manages to straddle this uncomfortable melange quite nicely. The inside of the restaurant was bright and clean. The counters looked new and the menu sign actually was orderly laid out with sensible photos next to the main items. I don't eat fast food often and the overhead menus always confuse me with "super" this and "extra large" that... I know that I am not getting the best price - ever. But this menu seemed far simpler, we ordered and our food was served quickly (with my special request done just right). We ate in and the table was clean as was the floor. It's true we were approached twice by people asking for money, but they were not intrusive and I had the feeling the manager and staff were well aware of who was in the restaurant and I didn't feel uncomfortable at all. The staff was so attentive that for the first time I actually filled out the online survey just to compliment them. That's quite a compliment in itself coming from me.
It's a nice place, I have not dined in. But even when the line looks long during the morning I can honestly say that they provide a faster service to get you out ASAP!!
Saturday night is mostly a young staff working drive thru, line is always around the building, when I got to the window, I was handed 3/4 of my drink, the other drinks were all filled 3/4 full, I ordered 4 happy meals none of them had toys I asked for the toys and they did not want to give them to me. I gave them back all the happy meals and asked for new ones with toys, fries were not salted at all I could see the fry guy trying to fill the salt shaker and could not. A manager had to fill it and they never did salt them.
Fast good customer service
I had a bad experience here.  My son who is autistic had to use the restroom really bad.  He bolted in the women's restroom when a lady came out.  I was confronted by the security guard in an angry manner.  He said I had to buy something before using the restroom and said my son couldn't use the women's bathroom. I attempted to explain to him that my son is special needs and did not understand the symbols on the restroom door.  He argued with me and wouldn't shut his mouth.  Before I left I  bought a meal for each member of my family.  While waiting for our meal he stared at me like if he wanted some trouble.  I explained to him that it's frustrating when people can't see the situation parents with special needs go through.  I apologized to him for getting angry and made him aware of the treatment we get at some establishments.  Hopefully he learned a little about how to understand and deal with certain situations.
Rude manager, forced me to go in drive line full of cars with my bike. Even though it's an online order and was being made. Irrational and no manners.
Quick fresh food! Stop here every time I hop on a greyhound
"Security kicked us out because ""it was past 5 o'clock, dinning room closes at 5 and he doesn't get paid OT.
Staff were chuckling that we were upset."
The food at this location is usually hot and fresh. Services usually quick. Today however my breakfast sandwich had a lot of egg shells in it. That doesn't usually happen, but you still have to be careful nonetheless
I'm catching the Greyhound across the street and can't order breakfast until 9 a.m. This is ludicrous.  Now I'm not sure when I'll be able to eat again.  Most restaurants cater to the location. If you have a bus station around the corner set your danm hours according to their schedule.
I work a couple blocks away and go here like three or more times a week. Lately, they have been letting me down. I understand mistakes happen but if I come back the next day and say    hey, you charged me for a double quarter pounder and only gave me a regular quarter pounder    maybe don   t tell me yeah well if you don ½ï
The food was good ï¿½ï
Walked up to the drive thru window and the two ladies were very courteous and polite. I almost flirted but it was too early for that at a lil after 5 am walked from the greyhound station and ordered hot caramel macchiato killing ng time till my bus leaves.
Just used the restroom here, glad they let me cuz I was far from home. Usually places don ½ï¿½ï
Fries were old and Luke warm. My burger was smashed and tasted days old. Also, with a human hair hanging off the side.
I mean McDonald's is McDonald's as far as the food is concerned fast , delicious and convenient. The only problem with this particular McDonald's is the homeless population which of is no fault of McDonald's but you just have to be alert when going through the drive thru or dining in this location it can be quite dangerous at times the pan handlers can be very aggressive at times and confrontational. So beware if you come to this location.
The staff is very friendly , and helpful which is hard to come by at a McDonald's . This place has had the best service out of any I have ever been to.  Thanks for the great service.,
Could only take cash. I hardly remember the feel of actual cash. I think it was a little rough... a little clothy... but the SMELL of cash... I can never forget the smell... Either way, couldn't order.
I just want to say that the level of customer service provided to me this evening by Orlando and Enrique was absolutely amazing they really care about their is wanting to just throw food in the bag it's another thing to give hot food in an experience I thank you
"The restaurant is ok but one employee is weird he kept
trying to flirt with me and I'm a minor not to mention he
kept trying to scare another employee in the back she
looked uncomfortable but the employees name was
Bryan I think but he was tall and was light skinned"
I went to this McDonalds . Ordered two deluxe spicy chicken sandwiches with fries and drinks!
I absolutely never eat fast food but I couldn't find parking in little Tokyo and made one wrong turn then ended up within view of the golden arches. I then proceeded to order an oreo mcflurry. It was satisfactory.
I go to this McDonald   s a lot of times and never had a problem until tonight. I ordered a McMuffin like always but this time the quality was not there. The bread was hard to bite and not fresh at all. It seems like they just
I love that there's never a long line,and I can order and it be ready nice and fresh and fast!
THEE worse kind of employees I've ever experienced -- food always cold & obviously not fresh when I do finally receive it after a long wait. Homeless people everywhere begging for cigs, money and not food which I offered to give one of the homeless my left overs but he declined even though he was asking for money for food to buy -- obviously that was a lie and really didn't want the money for food.
Super hectic and busy! Yet despite that, the staff were very friendly and kept their cool. If you go there and it takes a little bit to get your food? Chances are they're swamped, so give em a break. Yeah?
Car ordering not so great. Walk in was quick, and especially clean all around.
Ver small dinning area, most orders to go, many people who are traveling by greyhound go for last meal before leaving town.
"TERRIBLE service. Stopped by this place 3 times at about 1am hour. First time the lady messed up my order so bad and when I asked her to correct it she still got it wrong. But hey...it was 1am I get it. Nope...came back a week later and this time the drive thru person couldn't understand English at all. I tried and tried to get her to understand my order and nothing. I have no problems with the language barrier but this was just unacceptable for a window worker. Third time was tonight. Got here early this time - they close at 9pm. It was 8:30 and doors were already locked inside and out. The worker just stood their ignoring everyone even though they are supposed to close 30 min from now.

In summary
1- untrained workers who either cant speak English/dont pay attention to orders
2- service takes FOREVER
3- lazy and disorganized workers who close way too early.

Avoid this place!!!"
The worst McDonald's to ever exist. Infested with homeless people. Laziest workers. Horrible customer service. Its a miracle they are even operating. Takes them 10 minutes per customer. So much for fast food. Do yourself a favor and steer clear of this horrible establishment
It was great other than the soda options weren't the best not much to choose from should definitely have root beer as an option, I think they should get the new touch screen soda dispenser there that had plenty of soda options to choose from would be very nice.
Told them tonight to make my 10 chicken nuggets "made to order " and Bam !!! Had the best ,hot, juicy, crunchy and tender nuggets I've had since this pandemic started.  Woooooooo hooooooo . F#$king bomb diggity.  I took the previous "3star" I gave 8 months ago and turned it to 5 stars only because I got what exactly I asked for .lol ... I tip my hat off to you night staff for the execution delivered.  Like Arnold Schwarzenegger once said ... "I'll be back " I'm Jason Morimoto and this statement is true.
Worst location and the employees are lazy. Rent a cop dude wants to act like he owns the lobby. Closed way before time all due to their laziness. All peasantry working at this location. No sense of customer service, starting with the managers themselves.
Due to covid19, no sitting inside. Really needed to use restroom, had to buy something (which is not at all how Mcdonald's across the US operates) they make money from their orders from the long line of drive thru's, cut the families some slack. 6 people in my family, spending the day in LA and was just grateful to see McDonald, but no. Come to find out local shops more open and friendly than this.
Do not go here for lunch worst service in Los Angeles and dirty restaurant gross Cashiers have attitudes and never get your order right two thumbs down and negative stars just stay your lazy behind home if you don't want to work and do your job right.
Drive thru multiple times after midnight and they know you. All my extras are now pretty much already in the bag. Don't have to ask anymore(for the most part)  ½ï
"Terrible service
Receipt does not print out
No table service
Forgot hash brown
Forgot late

All this on an order for 2 people!"
Always love me some McDonald   s that place is good no matter w
Everything went quickly done was well.
It's McDonald's you get what you pay for, this particular one is relatively quick and I have no complaints.
2nd time coming and same quality kind of food. Stale fries so dry so black. The sweet iced tea tastes like someone did not clean it before making the drink. Time stamp 12:50 pm.  I warn everyone do not eat here.
Worst McDonald's I ever been at...twice that I been there they for got part of my orders...They really don't care about the customer...whenI asked about my missing part of the order they looked at me like what else 
Great discounts on big macs
Fool's not hot enough expensive when you ask him to give you a burger and you tell him no ketchup no pickles no onions and then they give you anytime you want mayonnaise lettuce and tomato they charge you extra
Horrible horrible avoid this place 15 mins to place a order thru drive thru!!!! Sitting inside isn't available
Ordered tonight and it took too long to be delivered and then it was completely wrong. Tried calling and no answer. Get it together!
I'm from a foreign place and I just happened to stop in this McDonalds for a quick bite. These are the things I noticed. #1. Active on site security inside the establishment. I felt like I was being scrutinized. I assume shady things go on here. #2. I found out this McDonalds is located in an area called skid row. #3. The price of the food here is above the average price of the rest of the united states of america. #4. There isn't really a lot of friendly interaction between the clerk and the guest as well. For the most part this is what I gathered from this place. Taking into account that it was the first and only time I've been there. Not a good representation for Los Angeles for it being so close to the Greyhound bus station portal. If its any consolation , I received my food hot and it was good.
Best McDonald   s! Their soda is the cleanest. Al
"Fast customer service.
Manager is friendly. They treat homeless with equal respect. Thumbs up for that! Fries were not as good as I expected. Thats why I give 4 points."
Good morning how are you the court orders as here by the Jan Richardson from the Ronald McDonald House which is the control of infectious disease for Nevada returns to Department at the health department she turns it all her certification cards and she surrenders she's never allowed to work in health which human services can only be attached to a volunteer program meaning she cannot access databases she can be a friendly warm but she cannot use anybody's information that mean she's not allow cheese no computers or cell phones or telephones for her safety and the safety this date she turns over her rights as he and she is now a volunteer for the states that way she'll stay alive and live a lot longer and she'll never play with the Northside have a great day and God bless you guys bye bye release everybody holding have a good day bye
Do not go to this McD, so nasty! I don't understand how anyone can eat inside this place, it smelled like rotten fish! We paid 25c to get in the restroom which it's fine because there are some many homeless out side they want to keep them from using them, even though they were also dirty they did not smell  as bad as the  dinning! So we went in used rr n left!gross. Outside this guy chased us to our car asking for money
One of the only McDonald's that get my order right. They are always super nice. My favorite location.
Sad to say the slightest customer service I got here was from the security guard food here is horrible server/cashier need to be fired get ignore for the talk to among their selves than act like working but just standing around.Ive gave better customer service when I've worked at a McDonald's before.This just my experience nothing can change my mind to ever to come back to this location again
Is my favorite restaurant  ½
I don't love it. It's an unfortunate weakness in my DNA that I can't be hungry. I was a hungry child and find myself eating fatty foods just to feel full longer. I know it's bad. It's only a convenience to go to McDonald's and it's cheap. I will try harder to be organic. It's what I dream of. Gold? No. I'm more of a silver lady. Arches? Again, No. Absolutely nothing memorable about MO. (Misery)
Fast and very good service just don't like the homeless people that's hangs out there
I do not like this place me and my two grandchildren went to eat and  we asked if we can please get the table clean and they took 10min to 25min just to clean the tables we kept asking them but they did not clean the tables we asked for it to go because they were working slow than we get the fries bured we said hey can we get fries the are cooked 100% they said sorry all we have is burned fries we had wait even more longer to get our fresh fries
"Worst McDonald's I've ever been to. Every time I go there I Feel as though I am being judged because I decide ro walk to it after I get out or work after 10pm. They are very rude and never plesejt nor fonthey saybtyank you or have manora what so ever. I was flat out refused service one time because I walked to this place and needed to go through the drive through.
I have a perfectly working car but use that time to exercise by walking down there.
I'm also asked at least twice before and twice after I get my food for money every single time I to there by people asking for a hand outs. Its very uncomfortable. That is not an exaggeration either. Can't the security who work there try protecting your customers from being harassed instead of being on their cell phone all the time?
You guys are literally my last option when it comes to getting some thing to eat around where I live because of how uncomfortable it is to go there. There's a lot of people who avoid this place for those reasons too. I'm defiantly not the only one."
They was nice but no more $1.00 food on the menu I was not very happy about this with me living on a goverment check so I don't have to much money when I was told that they stoped the dollar menu so with me not having to much money I got some thing to eat no I wouldn't go back to no McDonald's because of no more dollar menu I will be going to like Burger King they have a dollar menu or Jack In The Box the meal are a lot cheaper than McDonald's I think they lost their minds not having the dollar menu no more other than that they was very nice because I'm in a power wheelchair
I've never actually gone inside this location but I use the drive thru fairly regularly. It's a pretty busy spot but even before they put in the dual-lane ordering system the service was always quick.
The absolute worst McDonald's I've ever been to. And I'm not one to complain. Every time I've been through the drive-thru, I've had to wait nearly 30 minutes for my food. And every time I'm speaking into the drive thru window, the person taking my order needs to repeat my order to me several times due to the language barrier. On top of that, I attempted to go eat in-store about 20 minutes ago and found that the lobby was already closed. The lobby was not to be closed until 9 p.m., and they closed it about 30 minutes prior. I have not had any positive experiences at this particular McDonalds. Corporate needs to do something about this location.
Worst service ever. Took 35 minutes to get through the drive through and both window 1 guy & window 2 girl gave me attitude. Window 1 couldn't get my order right and their drive through screen didn't display my simple order. And then Window 2 lady gave me the wrong sauce EVEN AFTER CONFIRMING WHAT I ASKED FOR WITH HER! Fire all of them, shut down this location, and board up the building. Do it now.
Drive thru service is always slow at this location.  I paid for my order at 645am (and i know because i have my receipt) but i got my food at 703am (and this i know because i had to return a juice at 704am and i have a receipt for that as well)... 20 minutes of wait aside from the extra time i had to wait in line to get to the order speaker and then to the paying window.      the only reason i waited is because i like to leave
Homeless fighting in parking lot and harassing customers for money. Dining area is messy and dirty. It took 15 minutes to get my order. A worker was behind the counter eating ice cream cone dripping it all over the place and herself
They got my whole order wrong even after we corrected them they still purposely messed up the order leaving out some ingredients. One of the employees told me that everyone was mad because they have to go to another store to pick up their checks. Don ½ï¿½ï
Food is always hot the servi  ce is good never had to complain been going there for years
Had the mcdonald's egg, sausage cheese meal, along with my girlfriend for a quick breakfast before heading home from L.A to San jose, it hit the spot since i was in a hurry! 
They order for you on the touch screen if theyre busy. The only McDonald's I tried where their hash brown didnt come out hot and fresh! Very disappointed and will not order breakfast at this location!
It's ok. Not the fastest, no play area, not the best neighborhood, lots of loitering, but drive through is open late and is generally quick, and often accurate.
"If I could I wouldn't even give one star to this location , employees are very rude and disrespectful. I dont understand how they get away by not getting discipline .
They need a huge training on customers satisfaction skills .otherwise they should look for a different kind of work where they dont have to be seen to avoid their behavioral issues at the workplace"
Homeless people harass you while at the drive thru to buy them food. Very sad situation.
They cool no handle picking up from they me.
"Every time I go to this McDonalds near me they are rude and never smile. I don't mind so much but once in a while would be nice. It's the first place I came to eat once I moved here which wasn't a good sign and completely turned me off from a place I used to love to come to eat at.
Plus the homeless situation is out of control here. How about the security Dallas get off their phone and do their job? I literally haven't gone since in weeks because I'm asked for either a smoke, money or food every single time I go through drive-through. I'm sorry but I can't be buying someone else food everytime I go here. I just can't afford it."
Stopped for a quick meal in between bus stops.  They provided quick service and thankfully no errors on the food order.  Appreciated that the diner was relatively clean.
I tried curbside delivery using the McDonald's app and it worked. The only problem is that there are only 2 delivery spots and regular eat-in customers park in them. That defeats the purpose. Inside the place was clean and there are 2 self-service ordering kiosks.
Everytime I go there the orders are always mixed up. But it's ok
Gosh the "manager" Claudia has a nasty ghetto attitude. She has no idea of what leave your problems at home is. I had order a quarter pounder combo and the cashier charged me wrong. when i pull to the second window of the drive through she said W/ATTITUDE "YOU OWE ME" 5 something. I asked why was she screaming and been rude and she kept talking giving attitude to me and immediately took it after the 1st cashier. Wow.. Coming to this spot NEVER AGAIN. I should of gone to Urth yet so close.. smh..
Great service. The only reason it is 4 and not 5 ia because of the homeless people who are never satisfied. If you give them a dollar they ask for another one. If no money is available then they ask for cigs. If no cigs are available they ask for food last. Im getting tired of it.
The ebt machine did not work so I used cash but they couldn't give me the correct change because they were out so they tried to short me at first .. I did not get syrup with my breakfast, the sink did not work in the restroom, the security guard was cursing at the customers who are all homeless people, a lady hooked up speakers in the restroom.. I don't get it, I felt like I was in the twilight zone
Good Big Mac and fries.
Very nice inside and clean.... But why do they allow homeless people just to sit and not purchase food? Paying customers need to sit! Not coming to this location again.
Computer says no. No walking through the drive through even though I identify as a car.
What a rippoff?  I order a quarter pounder.  There was no lettuce.  Looked like a small cheese burguer.   Ugly French fries.  In Canada I could eat a better meal than this.
If i could give them 0 starts i would, they messed up my order and then when i took it back it took them another 10 min to re do it. Plus i was waiting for my order the first time for like 6-10 min, it was thru drive thru. Not satisfied at all
My go to place where I can have my all time favorite cheeseburgers, fish burger and mocha frappe are just a few..and it's close to where I am so it's always best in McDonalds wherever you may be. And of course it should be.
Really enjoyed everything about this establishment. Orders are rapid fast and accurate.I had 2 ice cream cones, but I was paying attention to everyone andwhat they were ordering and minimal complaints
"Fries under cooked
Chicken nuggets over cooked,  always messing up my order and this us 4th time ,never coming back just horrible service."
The store in particular was receiving supplies so they were down to 1 drive thru which impacted service but overall it was a standard McDonald's experience.
Im giving it a 1 star because i bought a lot of burgers and fries and they only gave me 2 ketchups. I asked for more ketchup the worker said they cant give more it was  mcdonalds  rules.  MCdonalds is making it hard to enjoy these burgers and fries with no ketchup.
There is a security guard/cop standing around and he makes me feel unsafe for some reason. A black bum was harrassing me and tell cop looked on. It's not walker friendly as there is a gate around the outside. At least it was clean on the inside.
I've always loved McDonald's food, as long as it was prepared correctly. Not all locations taste the same. This location is one at the top of the list for great food, friendly staff, clean restaurant/bathrooms.
Coffee was great, and oatmeal was great. But small portions of the large ï¿½ï
Ya   ll need to check yourself on those prices.  Nobody is g
This downtown McDonalds was a surprise.  I wanted coffee before work (first time in this area) and saw it up the street.  Friendly, professional employees and a clean well maintained calm atmosphere.
I always love going home to LA and visit this McDonald   s location. The food is always fresh, hot, and served quickly. This is my favorite go-to spot when I was a child back in my ho
This is where I go to get my morning crack (frappuccino). Very friendly staff. Sometimes its hectic,  because of the area and the locals. Also lots of customers. Even  then it's a fast trip, in and out.
This place is very nice! The stuff is awesome! My kids were very picky about their food but stuff did a great job! It is very clean place and friendly atmosphere!
Went they drive thru, although they couldn't make my food the way I normally get it, the service was very good. Fast and friendly,food was neat and will made.
"This McDonald's has 2 Drive-Thru Lanes that help to speed things up. However, there's always at least 1 or more homeless persons standing nearby ready to ask for money.

The sausage burritos never really seem fresh.. The ends are hard. This is my experience time and time again when coming to this McDonald's. For the record, I'm usually ordering a sausage burrito about 6 a m. so I would imagine that it would be fresher?  ½ï"
The friendliness  alone is the resons I go to this micky Dee's every Monday.  Apple pies . Hot fries.  Recommend tiping.
Worst people serving . I think the homeless people are nicer . And I'm upset because the guys act as though I'm not going to pay for the toy I asked for.  This is a horrible place to eat . So just take your food yo go , here.
I sat in the dining room before ordering any food for 5 minutes to catch my breath after walking 5 miles. Security guy approached me saying " hey man  if you want to sit in here you need to buy something right now if not u need to go back the way you just came". Guess what I'm the one who decides what, when and where do I buy something.
Worst service ever! Walk up to counter wasnt acknowledged at all. Went to electronic order screen still had to walk to counter to pay took a # for sit down order they didnt bring my food and called out wrong # plus no where to charge phones at all....
They need too go back too school and learn how too count they give you the wrong change and still take forever. COUNT YOUR CHANGE PEOPLE BEFORE YOU LEAVE.
Macdonald on Alameda and seven street employees can eat inside but customers not so don't go there you can't eat inside ï¿½ï¿½
Food predictable -- it's McDonald's. However, I went through drive-up and had 2 vagrants panhandling at my window WHILE I WAS TRYING TO PAY!!  A SECURITY GUARD STOOD BY AND SAID NOTHING, and server said nothing. I told them to get away from my window, and one got loud and stupid. Finally the server told them, "Wait over there or i won't serve you." They moved. If i was with my family, i would have never opened my window, then left without paying. Since it was just me and my dog, and i was hungry, i put up with their nonsense.
Just order from here with uber eats for the first time and i received my food in a timely fashion but while i was eating my big mac i found a hair in it i made a complain to uber and i have called McDonald's 4 times and no one picks up the only reason i dont go to the store and complain is because im at work and cant leave my job active security guard
I didnt eat here i just stopped to use the restroom which I didn't want to but there was nowhere else to go so I had to go here anyways surprisingly the bathroom was very clean and the restaurant inside looked clean inside also now the outside is a differnt story alot of homeless and people asking for money in the parking lot and it smells like pee but what do you expect so close to downtown and the greyhound
The slowest drive true that ever been. I was in line for about 20 and they were only 4 cars ahead of me
"Holy wow! The lattes here are super delicious!

Spanish latte - creamy but not milky latte with a hint of cinnamon that isn't overpowering!

Lavender matcha latte - strong matcha flavor that compliments the lavender. It's not milky at all! I really like floral matcha"
"WINDOW STAFF PERSON SAID THEY DID NOT RECEIVED AN ONLINE PICKUP ORDER?  WE HAD AN ONLINE ORDER NUMBER?
WT???!!"
Worst Mc Donald's especially the male security guard he is rude to most clients...and lots of homeless inside and outside this restaurant
Always loving McDonald. Even it was super busy, all staffs were calm and helpful. Nice cold inside even had to wait to get seat. Food was great & fast.
It's a good place to talk
A smaller than average McDonald's,  but it has all of the menu items of any McDonald's.  There is a mini Playland for children under about 5 years old, but I recommend mandatory adult supervision since there are some hard surfaces. There is a drive-thru. There are about 20 parking spaces on the small corner lot. Otherwise it is a McDonald's---- ï¿½ï¿
Person came out to help me in the drive-through I do great employee She was very helpful
Nice to know Mac Donald's has not changed even  when I  travel to LA.  Good fish sandwich  ½ï¿
"I super love the McDonald Cheese Burger. I'm always satisfied with McDonald's Cheese Burger & Chicken, and of course the fries.

Staff are very accommodating, will surely back here again ï¿½ï"
Please fix that toilet door!
Horrible order on mobile app and it charged my card when  ho too pick up General Manager says they never got the order then I cancel it and reorder it does the same then never got anything if I can give then a no star I would
I assume you need a high school diploma to work at McDonalds. But this place never gets the order right. Asked for two iced coffees. One with sugar and the other without. I got 2 coffees with no sugar. And top it off no straws. Thanks McDonalds for making it harder for us so you can get your 15 an hour. Geeesh Loouuiiies you guys should ve getting paid 8 an hour. No questions asked.
"Worse designed for cistomers the confusion of where to stand no order or pick up area counters too hi in ice cream area, tables are
badly placed just looks messy..& with all bells & beeps going off all day, annoying to customers & nerve wracking for wrks
.improved equipment is to be
..updated"
Great fast foodie, we all know mc Dee's.
Service is good and it was finally remodeled. Its right near the grayhound bus station. With the area on its way to transformation as well as the arts district right there none of these artsy restaurants can replace Mc Donald's ever  .
"Good service,  helpful with my order when I have order a double quarter pounder with an extra patty and at first I seen two and I ask the cashier which was very respectful and helpful for me to have a smile while I ate my meal,

Thank you MC Donalds"
Easy to get to and plenty of parking. Drive through is easy to exit from. There's a bus stop next to it. The staff is fast and friendly. It's usually busy and clean.
This location is busy but overall parking is easy and the staff are nice.
Love the morning staff they always make me feel good when I pull up for my morning coffee and est great job team!!!!
Clean, friendly, fast. Greatest coffee & love breakfast options. Wish the egg whites breakfast bowl was still available.
Although the food was fresh and I received plenty of ketchup, Their soda fountain beverages were expired. Every single one of them.
Did NOT have the ONLINE PICK UP ORDER for a Grave Shift Co-Worker!   SHAME ON YOU!
How is this place still open? Staff doesn   t have their hair properly tied (and should be using a hair net), the ones touchin
so gooood
The people working hard and sometimes forget smailing to customer that wont make then bad just the m ½nager have to keep up with them and remind on it mï¿
McDonalds is my favorite place for the frappe and the fish burger, cheeseburger, nuggets, breakfast is simply the best for me... they have the sprite, the new flavor  which i love and a couple of stores i find sold... so its an institution here in america and McDonald's is 1 of those Mr. Trump likes ...
McDonald's in Lone Pine has the worst service I've ever seen. It takes forever to get your order. And this is not a one time thing. I've been several times with various people.
Home invaded ... Victim My Main Ag Enforcement San Antonio and John and Michelle..I got A call from store and Was very Argument Profile on My big Mac having cookie size Patty two at five USD price no value or combo meal and I instructed argue staff conduct to look at drive thru Advertisement Picture Advertisement is outside of buns..
The fat black cashier can't get my order right. The 10pcs Chicken Niggets will cost you 6 bucks That too much.
"1 / 10 / 20. 5:19 P.M.
I WAS REALLY SURPRISE OF THE INCREDIBLE SERVICE BY LISA SHE TOOK THE TIME TO HELP ME GET THE BEST DEAL THANKS LISA FOR YOU'RE EXELENT SERVICE I WILL KEEP IN MIND LISA"
Very slow leave customers waiting to order inside while they tend to drive through lot of flys didn't get orders right people complaining
How they give me a damn happy meal without the gd nuggets smdh!!
"Went in to get some Water, ""Was walking on a Hot day"" and Two Older ""Ladies we're about to Throw Down"".
Walk pass this Place if you are not Strapped or Carrying a BLADE."
Just got sprayed a bunch of liquid when going thru the drive thru. Apparently the employees were spraying each other with water as a joke, and it got me instead.
This good isn't good for anyone if you can avoid at all costs
Be careful if you visit this location late night.  Homeless indiviiduals stand at the drive-thru speaker agressively panhandling.  Better to drive to the Olympic / Central McDonalds.  More secure.
Clean establishment, polite staff, really great food options.  I can't find anything to complain about.
Gave me the wrong cafe latte.
They wouldn't serve me at drive through because I don't have a car & am homeless.  That is inhuman & illegal.  I ll starve to death then.  I haven't eaten in 2 days.
This place was clean, but my order of a large drink and small fries took 16 minutes. There were only two  people ahead of me.
I do not care to come to this McDonald's location it's filthy
Their bathroom facilities were horrible... No food place should have that much disgust; makes you think about not eating there!!
Buy a 1/4 pounder get another for a buck,good deal. There ahak2s are goood,and they have plastic straws
I stopped by for a number 1 at McDonald's and got a cold big Mac and a hard bun, In n Out has never given me a cold burger, I should know better.
The food is what you'd expect, is great. Its McDonald   s so it ½ï
Staff was friendly and helpful... Location is not ideal so be careful. Everything else the same as any other McDonald's....
The expression on the clerk's face is like you owe him a lot of money. There are many homeless inside and outside the store, and the dining environment is very bad.
The dining area was not clean, and there were drug addicts, and homeless people in the dining area asking for food. security just sat around harassing African Americans.
Apple pies not the same
Spanish  Security Guard is more focused on trying get. The McDonald's worker number she doing her job homeless people walk in and out there.
Good food
Great for a quick bite. Friendly staff
"It's cool but there's a lot of homeless that hang around it. And I feel bad for them  but I cant help everyone,
..and that sux cuz if I could I would..."
"Can't beat the price for their Mc Doubles & Chicken sandwiches.
Even Kumo (my multi-poo) loves a plain Mc Double burger!  "
Did the self order through the kiosk to avoid the line and still waited almost 30min for my food due to them having given out my order to someone else the first time.
The young black lady provided excellent customer service at approximately 6:15p.m. on 8/28/19.
Same as all McDonald's quick n fast and prepared the way you ask.
Pretty quick and orders I've gotten have never been wrong and fries always hot.....
Homeless around this one.  It's downtown LA. Order was correct. Same great taste. Screen is broken in drive thru.
Awesome place to eat! Sometimes you won't know what all they have you just have to ask not everything that they have for sale is on the menu.
Pros are Never had to wait to long for my order. Cons are the same for just about any place near or in downtown. There are alot of homeless around.
Great shakes and they actually fill up your large  
You guys should hire a security, the mcds on main and manchester have one just the fact that there's to many homeless making customers that want to dine in bothered other than that the customer service is awesome here
High prices. And the food is sub par. I don't ask for much but I do expect my food to be warm. Do better Mc Donalds.
Girl at the window has a attitude just because a person was going to pay with EBT "it's says you take EBT on the internet"  
As a bike deliver, they are wholesome.
One of my go-to fast food store! The food is always delicious and fresh. The price is affordable and the workers are friendly.
Just recently McDonald's have made a major improvement with an upgrade, interior and exterior. Service is very fast, the food is excellent, friendly and Professional Service.
Just didn't feel safe eating inside I guess its the area. We had a homeless man telling at us because we didn't give him money
Friendly staff, good food made in a timely manner at a reasonable price
"The employees looked high
Even the manger looked high
Management needs to drug test everyone in there"
very crowded but fabulous customer service and very clean. Only bad thing is whoever developed the parking lot was drunk
This is not  24 hour McDonald's. My husband and I stopped by on Friday 06/14 at 5:45AM and it was completely closed .There were no employees in there and the lights were off .
Breakfast at 10:30am.
"Tables trashed, floor dirty but service was good at counter.
Need more security in morning's,  excessive homeless, very bad situation"
starting to regain order at this location. thank you. keep up the good work. Drive-thru recommended, with doors locked..
Very bad service. Nip ice cream smoothies or coffee drinks at 6pm they were closed for the night.Very irritating seems to always be the case. Blah.
It's ok I mean the food is tasty but I love my childhood memories that I made at McDonald's that's why I give it 5 stars
Long wait. My order was ready and they gave me the order when they felt like it. Never going to any mcds ever again.
Mc Donald's has been a favorite of mine to eat filling meals  and a few salads selections.usualy a kids play area and the serves salads and dessert. They stop serving breakfast at 11am.
nice and clean restaurant , friendly service and good food
Dirty simply dirty, the worst customer service. Dirty tables they dont clean. Homeless taking baths in the public restroom.
Too bad they were out of the new spicy sauce for the spicy nuggets, but still good service.
Even during their construction, they still did a good job by serving the customers with excellent service in adequate amount of time.
Loving that curbside
service is really slow and never gets the order right. And they are always forgetting something. And the people working there aren't always friendly or can't speak English that much.
They accommodate UberEats by having the third window so we avoid the long drive thru line after 10pm.
We could not believe but at this location they charged us for a coffee US$3.75. Very bad neighbourhood and employees  are just to avoid.
Good food and good service but I wish they served milkshakes 24/7 like they do everything else.
Perfect for when you need a quick bite in between shopping in the Garment District and or Jewelry District! Fast, drive thru, plenty of parking!
Its kinda ghetto, only use drive through as unsavory crowd hangs out inside and outside. Lots of homeless asking for handouts near the drive through window.
Take out orders and Drive thru only. Take out orders are through the app. If u are a walk-in the doors open at 9.
Good experience, ready to take my order as soon as I walked in the door and explained the different specials as advertised.
Food was hot, tasty,and of high quality, but the tables were all dirty and bathrooms filthy
Needed to be cleaner I dining area place...had to grab something before grabbing bus greyhound but food was hot and behind counter was ok.
Quite didn't seems like a launch time , didn't feel welcome could be from present seauation timeing was great
Place is fine ...Service sometimes fail here .. managers and shift leaders are talking and laughing with customers waiting to order
"Good place ,service was very quick ,yummy food .Highly recommended!!"
Walking distance to my hotel by the LAX airport. Food was quick and tasty. No complaints here.
The queues are like for sausage in the spring in these McDonald's ... as if they give them out for free ... and the employees save ...
Infested with homeless people, and crazy druggies!!! DO NOT GO HERE!!!! There was a naked homeless man in front of the drive thru and front door area!!! Was so bad I decided to save my money and hold my pee!!!
3 45 in the morning wanted coffee car at window why it take her 20 minutes to give me a cup of coffee under staffing poor girl she was very pleasant but looked a little frustrated
This McDonald's needs help as I was getting my breakfast there was a transient sitting down on the table not buying anything a man comes in wants to sit down and eat his food that he bought and the transit try to beat him up and the man's food was all over the floor this McDonald's needs help always the homeless people have dominated this place
I don't know if the food's real but it's tasty and it's cheap... Thanks Mac"your real tasty clean and good...
Here at this McDonald's it took close to 25 minutes to get two McDoubles a dr. Pepper and an Oreo McFlurry
Loved the new screen that takes ur order before u even get to the counter
Took a little longer to prepare a simple Late coffee..but the actitud was good
Busy drive-thru 24/7
Tanisha is a 5 star worker very  nice and helpful with the orders that wasnt correct
Horrible customer service I had to wait more than 40minutes to get my food because the manager is arguing with the customer in front of me and then he threw a couple water at her and she threw one back and this is not the only time I had to wait for my food the only reason why I come to this mc Donald's is because it's near my job and there's always too many homeless people ordering at the window   ½ï
Went in this morning they got my order all wrong charged me more then what it   s suppose to cost . When I brought 
Coffee is Fresh most of the time. Quick Service. In n out Fast AAA  ½ï
Quick fast pick up .order complete nothing missed
best fries in LA
Good food although the person taking the order didn't speak English well.
I think during a pandemic I would stop putting ketchup packets on top of people's fries with your dirty hands just because you have gloves doesn't mean you're not cross-contaminate people's food
I am loving it, fillet ok fish is perfect
Tons of homeless I told them no politely but the persist until u snap the security guard does nothing the McDonald's is nice and clean and employee's are friendly
This place is clean they have security do to homeless people like that they don't let them in the store
Not a good place to eat...all the soda was flat and watered down... the food was very cold and the inside of this restaurant smells like urine
Bad service, way too expensive  food cold. For 4 eggs muffins was $22.00
Worst service ever they don't even know how to tell you I will help you in one minute they don't deserve one star they deserve 0 stars worst Mc Donalds in Los Angeles California
picking up food for another saying that I do not eat McDonald's because of its history with human flesh being found in 75% or so of their storage facilities but besides that yeah could service
At least this time this particular one got my order correct, in 4 minutes or reasonable amount of time
Fries are hit or miss here. Always check bag for your order before you leave, team frequently forgets your whole order.
The employees were a little distracted by each other but the service wasn't too bad.
Clean, friendly staff, halfway clean bathrooms, not a great area though....food was fresh though just fyi. :)
Not great food, but decently cheap. Honestly their fries are pretty good, but everything else just kinda goes downhill from there.
Fast paced food is out quick its a fast food restaurant so dont expect much anyway
Some of the staff can be rude and unprofessional.  But most of them are great.
Typical McDonald's, nothing special.
Food took awhile to come out. Also very few tables available due lots of people having coffee at a 4 person table.
Long time. Bad service. Dirty place.
Whether is 3am or 5, still takes over 15 mins to obtain a caffee request
It is no longer the fast of the fast foods, or the appearance of the advertising. It has become a car factory that spewks out so called food
"Worst McDonald's ever.
No restroom tokens
They want u to use quarters for restrooms as they ran out of tokens....

Ghetto service for a ghetto community"
Always can rely on McDonald's for some quick and fairly inexpensive good food.
A good McDonald's, but in general, this is one of the more dangerous neighborhoods I have visited.  7th and Broadway to Skid Row.  Be careful.
Didn't get no ketchup. Who eats fresh fries with no ketchup
Very quick service and really good food. My comfort food.
Works for me.
Fast service! And mobile ordering was easy
Hate coming here, I'm going through the drive-thru there's like multiple homeless people just knocking at your window
"The service was way above par.
The chicken sandwich was good enough I got a second one."
Terrible service place was super nasty. Homeless people in the drive thru window talking to employees
The sandwiches that they go through a lot of the meat is usually very dry and overcooked or just dried out
Sandwiches here were and always are freshly made. Today, the soda was mostly carbonated water, disappointed.
The employees are awesome here, but there are a lot a flies inside, and alot of homeless in the parking lot.
Normal/basic same as the next McDonald's...
Employees here yell at customers all across between cars. They always seem to be lost. I have waited for over 30min for my food before. Ugh....
Good and fast service with plenty of space inside. Only disadvantage - in the afternoon can be a little too warm inside.
ordered 4 mcdoubles 2 with Mayo and 2 with ketchup  they 2 with Mayo 1 with mustard and 1 with ketchup. they wouldn't fix it said that's what I ordered! So Rude and ignorant!!! they don't even deserve this 1 star
Horrible !! Didn't receive the complete order and the burger wasn't done correctly and it smelled disgusting.  Will not be coming here ever in my life rather starve
Packed like crazy around brunch time. But excellent service and nice people
The manager and staff are great. It's clean and effecient.
Good promotions, this location is clean and fast service and hot food.
The food is the same as any McDonald's in the country however the manager does not care about customer satisfaction and should probably be working somewhere else.
ýýý app online order took too long.
Dine in closed and no access to public restrooms smh all bad
Mc Donald has not been my favorite place to eat, but their banana soothes have won me over
THE PLACE IS SO SO AND THEY TRY HARD TO SERVE THE PEOPLE
not 24 hours. terrible service. not dine in
The bathroom attendant was very vocal and helpful. I felt pampered in the stall.
Gotta pay a cheeseburger to use the restroom, even for an emergency lol this is the only mcdonalds that's does this.
The lady at the door was rude about answering a question and then told me they didn't serve what I asked for anyway. So I left
"I'm afraid this is one of the worst McD in the country, it's location means that it will be dirty.

I have gone here only to get change for the bus. Quite sad really."
After i  uy my food over there i asked to use the bathroom,  and they sayed you need to pay for that, they are so rude.
Great atmosphere, clean and very friendly staff. Keep it up.
Too many homeless and douchbags begging for money at doors and drive thru. Not a good experience.
I order, then stop for 15 seconds at the first window and by the time I get to the second window my food is made. Magic? No just great service.
The can be more knowledgeable of the order of operation of running a business! Nasty disposition toward the descendents ijs.....
It's McDonald's . Easy to order, they serve on first come first serve, just wait on the table Prices are good and affordable.
Like every other McDonald's I have been to this one as well kept is usually trash free and I do not mind coming here all anytime
Quick and easy great service in the drive thru
Decent inside, but parking is sparse and took awhile for a spot to open up
Customer service is not great the prices are higher to other McDonald's , need more efficient employees , I don't recommend this McDonald's because they have prices much higher than other restaurants,
Caramel iced macchiato are really good, but coffee not to strong.
Have had issues with staff being unprofessional and rude at this location.
Always the same quality of fast food wherever I go.
The food was good and the people were nice.
"A good place.
Clean, in the corner of 7th st and alameda.
Wheel chair accesible sparking"
It's the only food place in the area if you want to eat something that isn't Greyhound food. Live entertainment provided by the homeless people and occasional bum fight.
Food was cold and just sloppy. What do u expect being in good right.
This McDonald's is inside Wal-Mart. Quick and friendly customer service for an iced coffee.
I got food poisoning from the Pico de Gallo signature crafted sandwich. This is the sandwich I ate on the parking lot floor
The help is very nice and they make good ice coffee.
Slow service, soda tasted watered down and flat. The eating area was not that clean food was still on tables.
Everything is overpriced and the fountain for drinks is behind the counter. AND they charge extra for mayonaisse
This MacD, at Alameda & 7th is ok. Small, staff v busy but place is kept quite clean.
Windows service Very bad rude no wear gloves touch food soda everything also rude to complain customer need wear gloves so bad experience very rude lady
Bad service, bad drive thru, didnt let me finish order.
Really bad service the hash browns tast if they were just sitting there and I asked for a second bag and they gave to me with an attitude
Not good took long, people walked up to drive thru window were serviced ahead of me.
Very helpful and good food. Hot and fresh!!
Fast food.....plain and simple. Nothing any different  from other McDonald's restaurants you visit.
The person perfectly understood what the order was and the food was bussin
Fast... very fast. The staff ever help me when I don't know use the machine
Service was good food with okay
Clean great service and food was good
Never go to this place. Very dirty and smells horrible. A lot of homeless people. I put 2 stars only cause of cashier smiling.
Great hot coffee
Honestly a great McDonald's. Fast as hell too. Give you guys props. Keep on working hard guys.
Very bad service no napkins lame order $20 and food in the guy can't even get a napkin what a joke
The ladies working in this location are for most part kind and accommodating.
I sat in drive thru for 15min waiting in one line while they took orders of cars in other line .. then employee came out and put cones behind my car and blocked me in.
Too many homeless people out side and took them like 15  mins just for some nuggets and a soda
Chicken McNuggets hot and crispy washed down with an iced cold fountain Coke. Great location.
A little dirty but workers were nice and respectful
Worst McDonalds I've been to... A lot of scary people that were on drugs or something...there was even a policeman kicking out some weird guy..
I'm so in love with there french fries
Drive true is fast some times and well food us mc donald dont expect more
There is a young and very heavy set woman working the register that seemed to have slept through customer service training.
"ýýýthatýýýs how you know you are in a bad part of townýýý - Me
ýýýwe specially asked for 3 large waters and got kids cups..ýýý - Shane
ýýý3 homeless people way too close to my carýýý - Griffin"
Terrible experience... Made me wait outside in 105 ½ï¿
Friendly and quick service, dining area and restroom was clean
Service sucks people working here dont work how they suppose to would get in contact soon with supervisor ruth employees ....
The food is what it is but the staff have poor attitudes and are very rude
More security guards than customers... Not a pleasant place at all.
They are always very friendly.  I'm definitely loving it! L.O.L 
Excellent service. No long wait.
A little dirty. couldn't find a clean table even there were few customers.
Bathroom a "no" ...trash too full, tissue stuck to the toilet seat, and hairs in and around the sink..
I went there at 5:00 in the morning when it was clean. Only a few homeless were sleeping.
Great bilingual customer service at the window. Clean restrooms  
The service was very fast n food was good
Doing uber eats and postmates for orders here and the location being closed entirely. FALSE. ADVERTISING!
Crackheads walking inside and outside of this place begging for money while customers or eating and employees accepting the behavior horrible Mc Donald I've ever been to smh
Is not in the best neighborhood but there service is good
It was good for McDonald's. Thank you Obama
Very well organized restaurant. Employees are fast and organized
Try to french fries if you don't know they the best thing on the menu
Apparently they're charging money for complementary small water. Horrible Customer Service.
Fast service good employees kind and mindful
The service is to pork, the employees don't have any tipe of education, the restaurant is dirty .
Great little McDonalds.  Staff was fastm
Fast, clean. Love the new chicken sandwich!
Food is okay and same with service. Too many bums. Some stand next to the ordering machine outside when you're ordering by car.
Miam Miam so sweet
staff are slow ... make you wait very long in the parking lot ...
Prices up quality down ...smh
Service is better and drive threw is still bad to long blocks drive way from letting customers to park
Location filled with guards. The staff takes purposefully long. I hope they're not stealing (mcdonalds).
Why do I feel sick Everytime I eat this "food"? Why do I keep doing it to myself? FML lol
This location isn't very clean and has a bad odor
It's okay though the meals are smaller and they use a kiosks to place an order in.
Wait time at 2am in drive thru is ridiculous.
Very good service, nice customer service at 2 am.
"Good food and service
Workers are cool too"
Nice & clean
"Hypocrite and prejudice. I play the game and did not get any thing.
June and July 2018."
Bad service, my order was messed up..then I ended up paying again to get my order right..not happy!!
Restroom was out of service with so many customers,  you would think they would have it up and running
Absolutely the worst experience you ever get from McDonald's in America I have pictures of the bathroom it is atrocious this feces all over the bathroom wall the homeless situation is off the chain here someone needs to contact franchise or corporate and let them know this is disgusting this place needs to be shut down
They got a simple order completely wrong.
McDonald's is a fun place where you can eat the bathrooms are clean and it is nice
For being a heavy volume of people the food and sevice was awesome
Love their coffee and big Mc.
No open  on time 4am.  20 minutes late todas los dias.no good
Fast, friendly service. They passed my test.
Fast service and very satisfied with the employees
Be patient as always and you get the best service .
It's Was in are budget yummy shakes are good
For some reason, the chicken McNugets tasted better than ever before.
The thing that sucks about this place is the homeless and transients begging for food and money.
Customer service is great and the food is good.
Full of homeless people hanging out asking for money & if u tell them no some of them will attack u
homeless are very agressive and smoking pot demanding money at drive through.
Place is always dirty an the staff are dressed sloppy when ever I go services suck
Not nice or plant when they give you a meal already cook before order.
Horrible service and worse food
Very different I like what I hey did with the place
alright.cool.n.clean.pico Rivera.in walmat.super gigantic walmart.
Friendly CSR. Enjoyed my breakfast. Excellent job!
Very good customer service
What do you expect at any mcds near a greyhound station? This however reminds me of the 2 near the Dallas greyhound station.
Good
Good service and fresh food at this location.
Not a lot of seating inside but they were very fast and friendly.
Long line of course, but pretty good
McDonald's is always good... Except the food is getting smaller.
Horrible set up. Employees replaced by Kiosk. Just bad.
Love their 76 cents ice cream cones.
Had some free coupons food was excellent
Quality of food was as expected. The service was terrible.
Great service great prices peaceful atmosphere.
Good service but long lines
Not that it was bad but it just wasn't what I expected .
Their service was okayish.
Great prices, tasty big Mac
Great eat, but at 6 o'clock at 5 may close:(
They have fast and very friendly service.
Good people work here,but all the homeless mess it up for everyone.
Good morning  ½ï
Slow service and 2 managers in charged 12 .26.19 4:30 pm
McDonald's  Is bacon egg cheese biscuit sandwich hash Browns Orange juice
Fast, friendly and the food was hot to order.
In town from Dallas. The Big Mac fu*%ed my stomach up. Security  guard was woke tho..
good customers service
It was very clean and the food was good.
Good service enjoyed the fast food
Horrible service waited 15 minutes for a breakfast deluxe
Always good for a quick bite
Customer service badd the food is horrible
I like the combos there and I especially like the Mac cafe there.
Great place to bring the kids for fun! Huge play place!
full of homelest ask  for $ food cus travelers of great hunt bus.
They have table side services which I love
They have to clear from people around asking  for money
Still the place for a quick bit to eat & go .
To many homeless people you guys need to contract my security company and streighten things out there
The employees very friendly,n a clean place
Worst customer service!!!!!!! The employees are rude.
Quick service. Food is just ok.
This place is very clean and it's fast
Friendly staff, clean place, bad neighborhood, dirty bathrooms
Too many homeless at your car window.  Like a mob...
It's quick in and out, gets a little crowded at noon
Always good food. Sometimes dry.
Florence and Marbeisa...Huntington Park...very nice People and good service...
Good breakfast but getting expensive
Drive thur line was too long. Lobby closes very early
I only bought a soda, but the service was ok.
It's McDonald's, ask to have your food "MADE FRESH"
Hate the walk up hrs 9am really
Lot of homeless people that hang around even in broad daylight. Was a little weird.
Horroble service ill never go back again
When only a sausage mic muffin will do the job 
OJ was watered down and tasteless. It was barely orange.
Very nice people serving customers
No matter how Much Donald's tries to make there food better it is junk food at a high price.
good food but not clean
The food was good, hot and fast.
Drive thru too slow.  What's going on?
Good  
Good coffe and breakfast
Rest Room was so duty and the chicken sandwich wasn't good to.
Drive through only (we love LA)
They got a good chicken strips.
The Mc cafe is delicious and the Mc chicken is good too.
Its to hard to get in restaurant without people asking for money..
All these places are the same. The good is the coffee
It took ten minutes or more to get an order of fries.
Average fast food joint, clean restrooms
Clean restaurant and good customer service
Not up to par with McDonald's mission statement
Fast food good service.
fast service food was hot
Not the most cleanly exterior maybe need a security outside
Meh when your hungry it will do
The app doesn't save you much money at all
Fast service but too many homeless people panhandling.
Great service and hot food
International Menu is a great C/O/P
Food is good and fast service.
My grandkids love Mickey D's
Mc donalds is all ways a classic 10/10
"Kids favorite restaurant and parents    not so favorite but most of the time everyone loves their efficiency.
You must order on a kiosk which is easy enough until you get to the end where it tells you to grab a    table tent    and input the number.  I didn   t see anything resembling a tent but I had an idea of what it should look like. The counter staff were so busy they talked around me to other customers. I waited my turn and finally got to ask for a number for my dine in order, the    table tent.     The counter guy looked at me like I was speakt me the order in less than 10 minutes, about half the time I wasted on the first try.
As I sat waiting for my order I watched 3 people in a row return their drinks because it was the wrong drink.  Maybe a cascade effect, you get one out of order and the next few also get the wrong drink.  As for me, I also got the wrong drink.
I love you McDonalds, my kids and grandkids love you. But this location has a lot of work to do to meet McDonald ½ï"
"Big Mac was cold. Tables, floor and whole restaurant was very messy. No serving in the tables so everyone ordered take away even eating on site. (one reason why so messy)

Taste was normal but overall not even close McDonald's quality."
"One of two McDonald's stores in whole mid/south Miami Beach area so you know what to expect.

It's dirty, restroom has no water or soap to wash hands, except if you use the handicap toilet which makes me wonder how often or ever the employees wash their hands before return back to work. My husband got quite sick the following day because of the food.

We placed the order on the machine for dine-in with table service but there was not a single table # tent available, well the store make it clear that you as a customer should better pickup your own food at the counter. There's absolutely no service at all.

We will never ever go back to this McDonald's ever again."
"Very poor customer service on the part of the cashier. She ignored me while i was making a query and showed absolutely no remorse. Some people need to learn manners.
Also the self service kiosk does not give you a recepit. So you have to remember your order number."
This McDonald's is located on the corner of Washington Avenue and Lincoln rd. Ordering is easy, and the staff are pleasant.  The restrooms always have a long line and they are not very clean. Great location for hungry shoppers!
"Food was ok.
For service I would give 0 stars if I could. Rudeness started with the manager and continued with the staff. Everyone seemed very bothered to be there. Asked for an extra napkin and nobody would bother to respond.
The bathroom was apparently out of order for customers but seemed to be working just fine for the staff as they kept using it."
Such a disorganized mess   . Literally 15 people working and yet there is no urgency to get the customers their    fast   -food. Multiple people standing behind the counter just talking to eachother, on their cell phones, laughing - literally doing NOTHING    meanwhile 20 customers are waiting to receive their food, while th
"We ordered a menu on the machine and the machine said that we had to sit and they will bring the order to us.
And the Machine did not print out a receipt.
After waiting for 20 min we decided to ask. The Manager replied with an attitude we do know bring it to the tafel you have to pick it up.
When I explain to him that and  is saying he gave me an attitude again and said isn ½ï¿½ï¿½"
If I could give this place 0 stars I would. Imagine this, you are starving and have no energy to move or anything so you order mcdonald   s delivery. Your so happy when it comes because you can finally eat and feel good only to find out that literally everything you wanted is missing   It ½ï
The problem I have with this location is that it's always dirty in the lobby area and bathroom. Second hardly anyone speaks English there and my Spanish is horrible so it's hard ordering food sometimes. The service is quick and food is usually hot and I had a problem once with the wrong order. Check the lobby area and bathroom more frequently and use bilingual cashiers.
Saturday April 1st.  It's suppose to be 24 hrs for Google as google appear. And they close at 5:00 am . What the manager is doing? So poor management.  Employee told me funking drunk. I'm wrong? I don't know because I drive depending on hours on Google.
I ordered a food just now from urber eat and I ask for tomatoes ketchup 3 packs but it seems the workers forgot to add which is unprofessional or they don   t care about customers. I hope in future the workers will improve.    ½I don   t understa
If I could  give them a 0 I would   . Were out of literally everything, didn   t add anything I asked to be added to my chicken sandwich, noth
Absolutely terrible quality control. How anyone thinks this is ok to send to paying customers is mind blowing.
"Very busy location, of course, it's Miami Beach!
Typical Miami Beach Service attitude 4 out of 5 times when I have picked up an online order at this location, I am the positive, harmony seeking butterfly type of customer, that walks in for pick up, greets the human behind the counter with respect and a smile, to than receive this nasty, Miami B!tch attitude that makes you regret not sticking to your fastfood free diet in an instant..
Is it really hard to hire friendly and customer oriented personnel?!  There are so many seeking employment..
At least teach em to pretend to be nice to customers! That includes Managers, btw.
Further, putting staff on the front counter who fairly understands English is just not fair to them and me, the customer that just wants to pick up an order and leave fast. 'Cause Fast Food you know. Love the Sweet Tea, def. missed the lemon slices, sadly not on their Menu at this Location.
Still lovin' it!"
"Came on 06/03/2023 at 10pm. So many things were out of stock, including Happy Meals, McChicken and Hot&Spicy McChicken, smaller portion of nuggets (only from 10pieces), large fries but no medium, etc    Why ? Lack of packaging ?

Came there with a toddler. Pretty sad.

But the worse to come    Never ever be disappointed with the taste of the fries. Ok. Those can be sometimes old, McDonalds products are fresh for 10 minutes only. Fries were mushy, and the taste was nasty. Same nasty taste on the nuggets ½"
Rude customer service. Some people should get fired. They make threats. And put spit in the food, I had a traumatized experience here they put spit in my food and sent people to follow me all the way back to my hotel room saying they'll put spit in my food again. Worst place to eat at
Stayed downtown stopped for sandwich and coke. Coke machine was broken; homeless all over the lobby, bathrooms had homeless in and out with obvious drug use. Employee was too worried about the bathroom door lock and messed up a 2 sandwhich order. Manager quickly fixed. Typical big city overpriced trashy fast food place. Felt like I was back in New York City.
We went to this mcdonalds to grab a quick bite, first of all the service was horrible, they do not know what they are doing. Second the food was cold. Third the place looks dirty, dirty tables and floors, a lot of people coming by the table asking for money. I will never go back to this mcdonalds
"Terrible experience....
Staff was rude, lack of care at all
Missing items.... no Coca-Cola ?!?"
Fast service.   Food was as expected but not enough ketchup on the burger     .  No dine in atmosphere with plastic wrap over the dining tables. It's time to get over fearing th
Probably the messiest Big Mac I ½
So I ordered  on the take out screen ...a coffee and sweet tea ...several times at this location Miami beach..I like my sweet and not just some milky tasting drink. So I select my sugar count and and creamer ..out all times they only got it correct once. Here today and the girl didn't follow the instructions on her screen. She just chose the amount she was going to put I watched her. Then I went up to ask for extra packets and the girl act like she did not hear me at first then gave me 2 packets. So McDonald's either you guys are going to stop being tight with your condiments..and put them out for your customers to grab if needed extra ..and if your employees refuse to follow directions
I wouldn   t recommend this McDonald   s shack to anyone. Besides being very packed and not very tourist-friendly, it was very sha
"MOST INCOMPETENT MCDONALDS EVER

THEY ALWAYS FORGET OR CONFUSE PUTTING SAUCES IN YOUR FOOD

Yesterday we went there ordering the 40 McNuggets with 2 fries deal. We selected four different sauces. When we unpacked the stuff at the beach, we found they gave us only 2 instead of 4 sauces. And these were 2 ranch, while we ordered different sauces. Also we got just 1 instead of 2 fries. Next day we ordered a happy mal and again the nuggets sauce was missing as well as the ketchup! I cant wrap my head around how employees can be so incompetent. The guys responsible for packing the sauces should be taught a lesson."
Service is very slow, noone speaks english.dining room is closed. Bathrooms are closed. Punch someone there its ok, but fall asleep at table your going to jail. Food is ok. They remove dollar menue when its busy.
Let's say this place has everything to be much better having such a good location. However, it ends up attracting and keeping a lot of less wanted clients harassing everyone constantly. Order machines not giving order paper created a lot of uncomfortable situations. Food was okay.
Oooooo it was ghetto and they gave me the last of the fry batch, they didn   t have much available, and it must ½
"Everything in south beach Miami is super expensive. So when it came to breakfast the crew who rode down with me ate at the Catalina. The first thing I said is where is mickey D's?
And they delivered. Not to the hotel, but delivered on that good low price."
This McDonald's is a little run down, but if you use the APP to order it takes no time to pick up food and leave.
"the salsa sauce is so similar to mayonaise, dont take it if you dont take mayonaise.
also no veggie or beanburgers. staff was friendly otherwise, tho some really weird customers."
Absolutely no employees speak English.  We waited over 20 minutes on our food and had to utilize Google Translator for the employees to understand we had not received our order.
Before you can make it in McDonald's there's quite a few people asking for a handout. Only self service kiosks. No soap in the bathrooms. How are the employees washing their hands? Skip this one.
The dirtiest McDonold I have ever been. Waited for 8 mins with no one to serve even though 2 staffs were standing there and see me waiting. The place is so dirty and I am not sure how they pass hygiene. They do not allow to order medium, only large at night. One of my order was not in the bag. When I checked the receipt, I noticed they have placed a wrong order. I told them about it, they said they don   t have the item and refused to give refunds when I told them I do not want the wrong order. No apology and lie about I ever placed order they put in.  Very rude and ignorant. She did not speak English but deny about putting wrong order and accused me of placing order that I would never have placed. Food was cold and bread was hard as burn. Horrible experience with them and wish McD franchiser will take their license away. It is a disgrace to the brand. The management is so bad and I find the whole experience to be unbelievable. Readck your order but best advice is, NOT to go there at all.
Literally locked the door on my face. I never write reviews but this was so strange. Was attempting to purchase breakfast and there was an employee who physically pushed me out and locked the door. Completely unwarranted given my calm demeanor. Very bizarre.
"Hygiene is very bad.  The cleaning lady - afroamerican women-  today at 14:15 was slow and unpleasant.
The food looked like it was from the day before.  Terrible dirt in the toilets.  The macchiato was too hot - poorly frothed milk.
Dirty place..."
The gentleman at the counter Said "we don't have decafe", I spoke to manager, after 5 minutes of arguing and having been told I walked a long distance just for their Decafe they realized they "have it" and that the machine works... what a way to start the morning! ï¿½ï
They do not know how to make a simple sandwich. Avoid this place and spend a few more dollars somewhere else. This is supposed to be a deluxe chicken sandwich, but this is how it came.
Slow service. Being ignored by tid crew when i tried to ask for some sugar they forgot to put in my coffee at one on my visits. Very slow experience in 4 out of 5 visits.
Nasty. This place has gross people inside. They look homeless. Inside and out. There was a mentally ill woman yelling at staff when I visited. I don't feel safe. It's dirty. They messed up my order. They are in a rush. Looks very busy here, staff can't keep up. They have given up.
The staff might not be very knowledgeable or know english very much but they do work fast. The reason for 3 stars     
They say they   re open 24 hours but they   re not. I just d
Dirty, stinky, dudes at the front scared me, rude and smelly    ï¿½ï¿
It's a gritty part of Miami Beach but the staff work hard to service the varied clientele.
I was buying my breakfast and my phone was taking a while to download a promotion.  in the app.  I decided to order without a coupon, then my phone downloaded the Promotion and I asked him to delete that order that I was going to order with a coupon, he replied that he could not change anything and that he did not have time to change the order in a rude way and insulting me, he took me out of the store.
Must invest in security staff, hassled multiple times by persons not patrons of the restaurant to buy things. Staff don't care and turn a blind eye to it.
This location is the worse. The staff is not friendly.  The quality control is lacking. The place just smells like homelessness; you can almost taste it in the air. I've brought my concerns to the attention of the management staff and no changes; no one seems to care. Today is my last day eating here, which makes me sad because I love a good sweet tea and fries! 3.1 rating is way to high.... don't believe me? Read the comments below.....
I can't seriously believe this place is still in business AND is supposed to represent brand McDonalds...I experienced one of the worst services ever from a restaurant whilst dining here.  The staff basically are not interested in serving you, they don't want to work. Manager is not interested and rest rooms are permanently closed....is this even legal? It is telling that none of the staff wear their name badges. I visited the premises on 5th July 2018 at 8.45am Seriously McDonalds...you need to close this branch down...you cannot continue to offer service this bad under your company logo. 'Service with a smile, you sure don't get that here' as one customer acknowledged....and on that note all the customers agreed. I rest my case.
Food was great, service as well, atmosphere lacking
The nuggets were kind of burnt and I tried to order a McFlurry and they told me no which is really lame
Miami mcdonald   s > any other mcdonald 
I had a coupon for a free MC ribs with the purchase of a sausage egg n cheese mc griddle and two Big Mack's.  We didn't get none of that anyway.  We got other stuff instead of popcorn.
Although honestly not the healthiest food to eat when not able to go find a healthier restaurant sometimes due to time and or money. It's what I had to eat today. !
Good place to eat quick, who doesn   t love a McDonald   s? Was a bit confusing with the table number on the self service machine when it didn   t go to our table number so had to stand in the que instead. No receipt, you were only aloud to be in there for 30 minutes especially how busy it was it didn   t
"Ordered 2 adult kids meals... they kept the toys for themselves.

Missing 2 collectibles. Which is the point of the whole meal! And they gave me nuggets instead of the big Mac I ordered.

Pure disappointment.  Shame."
Worst McDonald   s ever. Very dirty, restroom are awful, disgusting and inhabitable. HQ should do something
Rude staff! An employee is going from table to table asking to do a review on your cell phone! She has a handful of duplicate receipts and is giving the store good reviews... Please tear this location down and build a new one! The blonde in the white shirt is a smiling crook! She is supposed to be a manager. UPDATE: Their is noneï¿½ï
One of the worst McDonald   s I hav
Rest room was out of order in such a popular location
"Worst McDonald's branch ever!
The drinks are pre poured and placed on a table and by the time i get your drink its all out of bubbles. The seller by the cash register was on her phone the whole order and I had to repeat my order several times which made me feel disrespected and a little irritated."
"May be it is time for people to take the time to report this location to the headquarter website!
Again missing the sauce for the Mc nuggets ! Not only I am paying for them as they are part of my menu and the mc nuggets are pretty disgusting with no sauce whatsoever. Since this is a recurrent missing item at each order, I have a question.
Is it the food cost monitoring or a real operation issue ?
May be have them put by the person packaging the mc nuggets instead of the cashier!!!!!!!!!"
There were 10 people behind the register.  None of them can count to six? I did not order five nuggets. FYI. McDonald's on Washington Ave; the sweet requires sugar.
Staff rude. But in a central location. Always busy. Shows 24 hours operational. But when i reached at 5.45 am, they stopped me and told tomcome back at 6 am. Nut they opened after 6.15 only
Experience world renowned burgers and fryï¿½ï
Lots  of homeless people using it and asking for money not the best atmosphere
Nice Mcdonalads, busy, but I got food very, very fast. I reccomand if you want a quick bite.
I went twice when visiting and had no problems. I really enjoyed t being right next to the shopping strip. I highly recommend for those who come really early.
Very crowded very loudly but the personal very friendly and the taste as standard McDonaldï¿½ï
"A horrible McDonald's restaurant. It's dirty, service was bad, strange people walk in and out all the time, overall the place looks out dated. It seemed that they blocked some of the cheaper items from the menu around diner time, for example they did not serve the Happy meal with 4 pieces of chicken nuggets. That one was 'out of stock', although the did sell the Happy meal with 6 pieces chicken nugget. What a joke.
If you look for a nice place to eat with your kids, go somewhere else."
Half the menu was listed as out of stock on the kiosk. I ordered a soft drink. They didn't offer it to me when they called my name at the counter because all of the table tents were missing. I reminded them of my drink and they handed me a cup of water. One of my burgers was offset in the bun by almost half and the cheese locked it that way all jacked up. I get the labor shortage and it's a busy place. I would certainly go back. I just can't say I loved it. That would be offensive to all the other places that are outstanding.
How can they have about 20 employees behind the counter and run into stock issues. Everything is sold out. Poor management I say.
"McDonald's excels at friendly service and inexpensive, but good quality, food. This franchise has none of that. The staff was efficient enough, but distant and surly. I had two meals there. Both times my food was too cold to eat.

One problem may be the groups of loud and rude teenagers that hang out there. The backs from a long banquette are missing leaving wood laths that poke the back.

All of that is unfortunate because this franchise has a perfect location to shine."
One of the worst Mcdonalds i ½ï¿½ï¿½
"Hello,

I hope this email finds you to inform you that your staff needs to be engaged in coaching due to the lack of attention to a female and I needing to use the restrooms after multiple attempts to utilize them. I was ignored by the first female and was given a puzzled look that they can't be opened. After I went around to seek attention from the other staff she rudely stated both bathrooms are not available, after I asked why she said "" they just are "". I asked to see what would cause them to be unusable but could only feel discriminated as she added no urgency to the issue. She then asked if I was management to even request to see the inside of the bathrooms. As a LONG TIME CUSTOMER. I suggest to keep your client based loyal to address this issue as it leaves a bad image on the franchise. I left feeling ""I didn't have it my way "". And that's just a bowl movement. Thank you for your time and I hope this matter has been addressed the next time I pass by the store as I will try to obtain pictures of the staff reluctant to assist.

Best regards,

JJ."
its not 24 hours, its centeral location for all homeless people i feel bad for them but they make the place discosting, they all live inside and by 7 am they use free bathroom, smells bad in side and front of the place some homelss demand that u buy them food, management is week and no police around only homeless and druge dealrs.
Its been a fixture on Washington Ave for years and it looks like it. The clientele at McDonald's is never good but never quite as bad as beggars seated at doorways with signs pointed towards you. If you like going to McDonald's in NYC at rush hour then this is the spot for you.
Too busy, machines don ½
Service slow. Good salty
They actually had a working McFlurry machines and the food was good
Gotta Love how you pay for your food and the employees act like they are doing you a favor when you ask for your own coffee to be handed to you several times like if I'm asking for something free. SMH. And don't ask for condiments like salt or jelly they really get annoyed, nasty attitudes and all. Sad how one rotten employee spoils it for the rest of the environment.
Hahahahahhaah!! Mcdonald   s is always good idea!  
Terrible service. I put in curbside pickup for the mobile order. Waiting for nearly half an hour. A staff walked out and said I cannot park here for more than 15 minutes, and this is for curbside pickup only. I explained and showed the receipt that I put in as curbside pickup. She still did not look and proceeded to tell me I am wrong. Terrible service.
The restaurant was very dirty, the order was incomplete and my daughter was sad because she didn't receive her Happy Meal's toy. Additionally, we ate as fast as possible because there was a homeless intimidating the guests and the employees didn't do anything. We felt very insecure eating there
"Cashier refuse to sale.
In this location just one credit card machine works, but they have two register... The other one cashier refuse to open it or use it... So why you guys have 2 register for.....
Seems like cashiers determinate who can eat or not.... Shame on you"
Quick service for a line of people for breakfast!!! Atmosphere not the best, many people asking for money inside and outside of stablisment
VERY dirty. Trash was overflowing and then the bathrooms had water everywhere, I   m not sure if it was from the sink or the toilet but it was everywhere in the females restroom. RUDE Staff. The lady at the front counter clearly did not like her job, she would not take people   s orders and I had to wait on a large water for 15 minutes ½ï
Food is good but too many Homeless in the restaurant.
The worst McDonald's to go to....the Fries look like they just heated them up and served...not even cool throughly....super lazy people...and have a lot of attitude...do not go here
This location had no happy meals for my 6 year old, higher prices than normal around the city and had drunk people sitting all throughout the restaurant and many asking me for money while with my son. I feel bad as they looked homeless, did help one guy out, but most were intoxicated and making a mess, not being polite at all. They need to clean that up as it scared some kids and also makes you uncomfortable. I've had this Happen every visit to this location.
No interest in this location. No testing foods.
I   m really sorry that I don ½ï¿½
This place is RACIST. They do what they want to do in there!!  The food is never fresh and the workers are very rude to the customers and when you have a problem with your food they tell you to leave and don   t come back. All the works and the managers are all 
I seen restaurants with a drive thru move faster then this and they don   t have a drive thru I been waiting for my doordash order for 15 mins and it took me 4 mins to arrive and still not ready it ½ï¿½
I was waiting 20 mins for a order that been ready im in the front for like 15mins I never heard my order called up and the guys says that they been called my order like they don't do their job right and they want to lie to my face
"Although listed as open 24 hours, I arrived at 6:15 am on a Friday and was told they are closed and would open at 7:00 am.
Passed by Thursday and it was also closed at 6:45.
Definitely not 24 hours. It'd be nice if they posted their hours on the front door."
Worst McDonald's I've ever been to the people do not speak English a good majority of them and so they will not even try to answer your question they just walk away and ignore you they are not open 24 hours that is a lie it says confirmed by the company but that is not true as they were closed at 6:00 a.m. and said they don't open till 7:00 a.m. although their door says open 24 hours that's a lie and if you knock on the door they just ignore you the most ignorant McDonald's employees I have ever encountered.
It   s always busy and especially pick up window
Pretty funny,  only in miami you get guava paste and cheese pieat McDonald's, im use to get apple pies at McDonald's in the midwest.
This was an experience while we were in line waiting for our order someone got stuck in the bathroom and it caused quite a bit of stir. So that was eventful but the food was bussin! Lol so take with that what you must.
Should be 'Minus star -*' . Except for the manager, otherwise;  Totally shocking staff, you would double check if you are in the United States. The serving girls treat people as unwanted guests in their own house, not serving people, they would fight with 1/2 of the customers, sending for police 2 or 3 times daily. Slow service, and bad manners, you  would feel like a kid getting his food from his angry mother, with some cursing whispers that you don't understand ' in Spanish' . Totally crazy.
Bad experience, bad grade, that's the game. The ordering machine does not issue a ticket to justify his order but especially his payment.
Ordered on Uber Eats, 4 different delivery person took the order but they all canceled since the food was never ready. They never finished my order after waiting for 2 hours. This is highly unacceptable, such a poor service for the location of the place. I expected something better from being one of the only McDonald ½ï
Absolutely, without pause, the WORST excuse for a McDonalds I've seen. No coffee. No chicken sandwiches. No restroom. No seating. Dirty. Rude people wearing McDonald's uniform.(normally their titles would be employee/workers. That may suggest they earned their wage!)
Really poor mcdonalds - service is fast, but they normally get the order wrong, and aren't as friendly as in new york restaurants.
Almost all tables were dirty, bathrooms were gross, there was a pair of dirty socks on the floor. Food was good though but they need to improve on the cleanliness of their restaurant.
Came to Miami for vacation being here just wanted something quick. They took forever to give us our food, the dinning area was filthy and around 9:50pm I went back to order something else and the cashier was being rude and unprofessional denying me the service saying they were already closed and couldn   t take anymore orders. I would understand if I was outside but I was already inside and expending money. W
I feel bad writing this review..  The workers seemed very confused one lady in the 15 minutes I spent in the location stood by the soda machine in a daze. She wasn't even the one who gave us our drinks. I would really like to find out what her purpose was. The food came out cold with exception of fries. The manager looked so frustrated I hesitated to return the order. Terrible
No restrooms. The employees use them though, so only customers can't. Is that even legal to operate without restroom? Most employee are rude and ignore you when you ask for ketchup or anything
The service is horrible I ordered on the kiosk then waited 13 minutes  in line to pay. There was only one person on front of me. Employees rude to customers.  At least the food was fresh . Well as fresh  as McDonald's  can be.
Best place to get a cheap breakfast in Miami.
The store was very busy and full of customers. I didn't like the way they greet the customers and the way they talked to each individuals. It was busy and that can't be an excuse for bad service. Food was great as usual but service gotta improve by mile. The cleanliness was an issue also as there were napkins pretty much all over the place. I guess it was not cleaned since evening. May be business is the priority which is not what Mc does I believe.
Shocking that in the center of a tourist attraction where every restaurants is 4x the price with 20% tax and added gratuity, this mcdonalds was priced just like the ones at home.  Dollar menu and all.  No, it's not the best food but you gotta give em props for not triple pricing and ripping off tourists.  It's weird they had triple cheeseburger
Terrible experience!! They were out of milk, out of chocolate milk, out of toys for the happy meals for the kids and out of juice which they had to replace with this awful tasting fountain juice. It took about 15-20 minutes to get three happy meals for the kids. The washrooms were dirty, no hand towels, no toilet paper and the hands air dryers did not work! The staff however were nice and very helpful, the reason for my 2 stars!
I like this McDonald's because it has delicious food and quick service.
Be careful. Rude sketchy employees.They will try to tell you at certain times of nite every order has to be upsized to a large. Food was cold and horrible after a long wait. Then you still will be  GROSSLY OVERCHARGED. Crooks. USE THE APP TO BE CHARGED CORRECTLY.
the worst attention you can receive is here attention -99 Service -99 ask for salt, they give you sugar, the staff is extremely contemptuous, they almost throw the food at you and the chicken burnt if you want to lose your money this is the ideal place
"Wait times are very long, but the employees are usually very nice from whenever I do go here once a year or so.

You'll wait a long time, but at least the staff aren't rude!"
"Rude staff, great burger.
The ladies at the counter were rude, bored, not smiling, very unpleasant welcoming. They should not be hired for hospitality businesses.
The bacon burger was great, hot, tasty crunchy. One of the best. Good job the kitchen.
Only an old white lady was smiling at the front."
This store is dirty, the staff are rude and stood around talking and on their phones.  Very rude and heard several customer complain.
I would give ZERO stars if that was possible. FILTHY bathroom, no soap in the stall with changing table was ripped off the wall, hand dryer didn't work no way to dry your hands. Would never go back there. Employees not very helpful and rolled their eyes when I formed them they gave sweet tea to my diabetic husband who ordered unsweetened.
"The attention is not so good. Smells kinda bad.
The food is fastly made."
The workers were so beyond disrespectful! My daughter and I stopped in for a drink and to order food we were going to wash our and purshase before we could use the rest room.Then ALL the staff spoke so disrespectful and embarrassed ushands and or 'll Dr her food.Tge worker told me only customers were allowed I expresses that we needed to was our hands before eating and the workers told us ow well we qould have to atand in linw
"I went at 11 a.m at tooks almost 25 minutes to get mi meal. Very poor attention.
Second time (2022) I went to this Mac and the situation is the same that 4 years ago... I think is't worst... very dirty, disorder everywhere, completelly full, bad mood in general. That morning took me 45 minutes to get my breakfast. I promise, will never come back."
I've upgraded my review to 2 stars because in my drunken kindness I gave this place a second chance. One of the only good employees seems like he got promoted to manager and this place seems to be visitable now. I'll return again to see for sure, because before it was definitely a terrible experience consistently.
That McDonald is the worst McDonald ever the purpose of mobile ordering is so you don   t have to wait in the store for so long I place a mobile order and there is no parking in that area my car almost got tow that 
Wow!  To say that we had a bad experience would be a compliment.  The food was cold, they ran out of ice and carbonation--yes, no carbonation for the sodas!!...and they still kept serving them--we counted at least 10 returned drinks in a10 minute spam.  Worst of all, the manager offered no apologies.  Run, don't just walk away from this place!
Good price,chek the food for one,two tre dollar,always find chip for that money ..
i thought they closed this location down. i cant believe i get to still read the reviews on this store and laugh. they need to keep up the filth and rude customer service cause these comments are like comedy when you are bored.
"Absolutely disgusted with discriminatory management at this location. As I'm charging my phone in back making an order on app because I didnt have my card. The manager, Nancy, request their ""security"" to kick me out. I did absolutely nothing wrong other than charge my phone to make an order.

Not only did their security guard get rude with me they didnt even have the professionalism to let me know it's against rules to charge phone to make an order. Only was charging to phone to make order thru app. Then after getting kicked out they wouldn't give me a refund or my food, said to call number.

Me being black I deal with this a lot. But I hope reviews like this can help wake people up and hold people accountable for discriminatory behavior.

Still want my refund!!!"
I can't give it less than 1 star, otherwise I would have! The staff have no idea what they're doing, they walk around gaumlessly offering no help. The counter is like a mosh pit. Nothing works. Avoid if you can or hope it's not busy at all otherwise you're in for a long wait with the wrong order by the end of it!
"My only visit to this shop and I witnessed these: 1) There were two lines but suddenly one of the staff members stopped taking orders and closed the point-of-sales machine.  Those customers on that line were told to go at the back of the other line.
2) I understand that some staff are new but the supervisor or senior staff are rude to the new staff and do not help train them.  I don   t understand the yelling (probably because they are in Spanish).
3) Majority of staff speak Spanish and announce numbers in Spanish.  Expect some misunderstanding when they are taking your order too.  One of the staff put in hot coffee when I ordered hot coffee.
4) Be prepared to wait in a long line and always check your order before you leave the pick up counter.  It was my fault that I did not check/realize my Big Mac and South West salad dressing are missing when I felt.

TLDR?; just don ½ýýýs will always be a bad decision anyway."
Clean and fast service
This location is always good....because its in the heart of tourist location the food is always fresh and hot. Its now a hang out spot all the tourist and locals and decor is nice. They have soo much seating and its really spacious. Ive been ordering the same thing for years. The quarter pounder with Mac sauce    ½ï¿½ï¿½
This is the most horrible place I have been to. A guy walked out as we walked complaining he had waited 10 minutes for a soda. The guy on the register was so rude. Very under staffed. Homeless sleeping on the chairs. We ordered 2 coffees and 2 frappes  and waited so long to get them all at different times. I worked at one in NZ  and we would be fired for this kind of thing straight away!
If I could give this place 0 stars, believe me, I would. By far the worst McDonald's I have EVER been to in the world. I came in to buy a bottle of water (would never even consider eating here given the lack of cleanliness). I waited about five minutes until someone finally told me that they do not have any bottles left. I told them a large fountain water was fine, with ice. Keep in mind - MAYBE 2 people at this McDonald's speak English. Luckily this woman understood me when I communicated what I wanted. I watched her get the cup, fill it with ice, and place it beside the machine! For someone that is just waiting for a drink, pour it, and hand it to the customer. There were maybe a dozen people waiting for their orders. I did not have any other items to wait for - just the water. I waited another 5 minutes to see if someone would just hand me the cup. No one did. I pushed my way through to the front, and got my cup. It was absolute chaos in there; a brutally unorganized establishment. The cashier could have simply turned around, gotten me the bottle of water (or in this case, tell me there are none and pour me a fountain drink), and be on my way. Wasted 10-15 minutes in this place.
Not very good service. Unique location but a lot of mismanagement. Some of the crew do not acknowledge you, they'll look at you and walk by while you're trying to get their attention, but keep walking and check on the fries or smoothie machine, then go do something else. I ordered a mobile order which I never did hear my order number called until I inquired about it and the team leader (or "manager") said "I said [mobile order], but you never came up." I was like there could've been several mobile orders, you weren't specific. And theres constantly food and trash on the floor being picked up, it reminds me of a GTA game.
So many crazy homeless people come into this establishment just to sit, lounge and disturb customers. McDonald 
Bad experience as order not brought to table and electronic ordering system only copes with up to table number 120 and refused to accept our table number 127. Why doesn't the United Kingdom McDonald's App work 8n the USA?
Service was good but sadly the people that were there made the experience horrible. A group of kids was giving the poor kind cleaning lady a hard time and some person went into the restroom and took a shower and left all their clothes in the stall.
Very clean and not too busy for a tourist town. Food was good but the staff could be more approachable.
This was hands down the SLOWEST McDonald's I have ever been to in the whole world. The kitchen was full of employees so I'm not sure why they didn't have their act together.
"Hope you have a lot of time because the wait here is unbelievable, placing an order alone took  me 15 minutes, I work nearby, and 5 out of 5 times I've been here in the overnight time they
Weren't serving coffee,  any items on the value menu, or any grilled items. Not to mention how filthy it is. Also always understaffed. Horrible experience, I don't usually eat McDonalds but working as an overnight around the area is one of the only places open, has been like this for as long as I could remember. Reason for this review is because it's unacceptable that they don't have coffee or value menu items available at nighttime when they should. Wish I could give it -stars."
I ordered a latte from the Miami Beach Lincoln road branch and waited for my drink. I saw my number flash up on the screen but no one called me. I went up and asked the woman (short reddish hair) who was calling out the order numbers if my number had been called. The answer was no. I kept waiting and still nothing. I asked her again but I was rudely ignored due to her having a chat with her friend. I asked several different people working there about my latte but they all said it's coming and moved on. The staff were either rude, indifferent and just no longer interested in me after I had paid. People came and went with their orders and I was left waiting for my one latte. I said to one woman how long does it take to make a latte? She looked at my ticket and of course no one had even started making it. I was disgusted with the truly terrible customer service. If u want good service do not go to this mcdonalds.
Went here for a late night snack stop on Uber back to hotel. Shows 24/7 hours but the place was closed. Ended up having to get two Uber   s and pay twice as much as a result.
USUALLY IS BUSY AND HAVE GOOD CUSTOMER SERVICE... BUT TODAY I GO ON NIGHT SHIFT AND ONLY HAVE STAFF TALK ENGLISH FOR ASSIST ON ALL THE CUSTOMERS AND LOTS ARE SPANISH TOURIST... AND THE CLEANING IS LOOK POOR TONIGHT AND I SAW A ROCK EATING NEXT TO THE WINDOW INSIDE... NOW I CONSIDER EAT IN THE OTHER MCDONALD'S LOCATION IN ALTON RD...
Horrible service. Ridiculous wait time. Waited such a long time for an ice cream cone. They have over 10 people working and yet they're slow. They have someone who prepares all drinks but by the time you get your food, the ice in your drink has melted since it has become warmed
Employees are rude, service is terrible, took half an hour for me to get my meal. Supervisor was yelling at customers about putting trash in the bins. I asked for a cup of water and the girl said, "we don't have water but I can give you ice".......... Is ice what I asked for??? If you don't have water, how are you washing dishes? How are you washing your hands?
If I could give less starts I would do so! Service is awful, waited for the order for 30 mins ( 2 cheeseburger and coffee) and finally got the food cold!!! Can you image it??? Management team must be fired and new staff should be well trained prior starting working.
incredibly long wait. cashier was stoned out of his mind wearing no mask and slurring his words and forgot half of our food. smiling creepily and saying random things
At night, i   ve been a very long queue to cashier. Too many strange people want to orders. services are very slow. many misunderstanding speak english conversation
When you want one of the main items on the list and they don't have it... sock juice is better than the service in this location.  How are these people even allowed to work here? Plants are nicer. I have been to McDonald's in 54 different countries and CONGRATULATIONS you are the WORST!
The service was terrible, my order it wasnt complete and when we talk with the Manager he yell at us and touch our french fries with his dirty hands. Thanks to the cuban lady who change our fr ½es. Don   t Come to this place, you 
"AVOID! The biggest disappointment about this restaurant is the total lack of service-mindedness of the staff. They got our order wrong, we ordered a dubble cheese burger and got a regular cheese burger instead and their solution was to take said burger and simply slap another patty in it before giving it back. They also forgot to include items in our order like sauces and such, and they couldn't give us a reciept after our purchase.

When my friend asked one staff member for the sauces he ordered she only spoke spanish to him, even though he made it clear that he didn't understand her. After some time and finally getting the sauces the staff laughed as he left.

At least the place was some what clean. Seriously avoid, there are a lot of better food places nearby."
Place was not noticeable based on the Google maps direction, I ended up looking for a while for it because it is missing the iconic double arches people know. I was looking within the mall area because of the map description, and wished I was across the street as it would have been easier to see. When I entered to place an order, one of the cashier's had an upset look or scowling face towards most customers, and unfriendly look. I didn't like her look so I stepped to the next cashier and I ordered it was fast, I ordered a Happy Meal and was asked if this is for a boy or girl (assuming a toy choice here). I get the order, no toy! And asked all they said was "no toy, sorry". I left, I'm not surprised by the lower than usual reviews here. Also when eating my food I ordered triple cheese burger but got doubles instead, at least I was charged for double only.
Slowest McDonald   s I   ve ever experienced... completely disorganized. Plenty of employees around, just nobody seems to kno
I don't know where to start. OMG! This is the slowest MCDs restaurant in the world. Staff act like if they were on vacation. You can see in their faces that they hate working here and are just looking forward to the end of their shift. Manager came out after a while and there was no improvement in performance. The automated order system was not working so I waited in line for 10 mins. just to order and pay. From this point it was exactly 27 mins. until my order was ready. All that was was a bottle of water and a mocha coffee. And I had to ask them otherwise it would have been more than half hour. I reckon staff must really ask themselves whether they want to work here. There may be other better places where they could find job satisfaction. Here they're just turning a bunch of people into unhappy customers.
The service was good but there was this 1 weird guys that was asking for money to buy a sandwich to eat which I had no problem giving him $3 and the other guy going in and out and sitting down together with the guy asking for money to eat a sandwich and asking out for 1 or 2 lucy (in case for those who dont understand its cigarettes). The managers should be putting additional people at the register for them to see thilese things because the look on some customers where not comforting with the situation.
Waited one hour for a 4 piece chicken nugget happy meal. Disorganized, unapologetic, and zero customer service. The kiosk machine for fast service was anything but that. They lost my order and the manager didn't want to step up to admit so.
If I couldn't give a star I would because the service over there is poorly I order a salad and they did not give me a fork so I asked for 4 for one. I was standing there for 3 minutes and then I asked her again for it and she told me no. Worst service ever.
I really do not even like McDonalds... but, despite extremely crowded, here I experienced was the best service I've received in South Beach. The only attentive person I met at that region was this McDonald's attendant!!! The sandwich and the rest of the experience was exactly the same as here (BR).
Absolutely the worst customer service I've experienced in my 46 years. I was in line waiting to order, mind you the line was so long you would have thought they were giving food away, and just as I get to the front of the line the cashier just walks away and says nothing.  I wait about 5 minutes and ask, is he returning to take orders, and was told no we only have one line now. The employees were rude, the lines were unbelievably long, and it took about 40 minutes to order and receive your food.#TheMcDonald'sfromHELL
Slow service even on take out, didn't get everything I ordered and the food was below par. Go to subway just down the street.
Fantastic service! Came in around breakfast time and My wife was told that McDonald's doesn't have fries and continually asked if they would ever have fries and was told no fries! Legit this was better than the comedy show I saw in the cruise before stopping by here. Must see during yorr trip to Miami.
The food is average here like all McDonald's nothing so bad like cold food or anything .the bad part about this location is that it somewhat seems to be a safe haven for bums and schizophrenic drug addicts. Everytime I have ever went here I am approached by someone asking for money or food , its ridiculous... it's like they all hide in there and come out to beg when a new customer enters. Last time I was there a bum with an injured leg was high on crack or something and scratching his open wound with the gauze removed.. completely disgusting, miami filthy .
No value menus late. Very looooong waits. Homeless piss peoples everywhere. Rude managers clueless grill workers. I feel bad for the cashiers who try and smile but get screwed over nonstop
"I like the braveness & curiosity of Mac to try the automated standing servers!  :)
I do not care if the idea worked or not, but he took the risk! That is what business is all about!
Okay guy, nice location next to the touristic places of Lincoln Rd & Washington Ave.  I gave it 5 stars because they deserve it , if u compare this location to others & to other fast food places. Super clean regardless of the homeless community in SoBe."
This McDonald   s is extremely busy and the service is terrible! After waiting for over 10 minutes for my sundae, I finally flagged down an employee and complained. Then she made it. Just a couple of hours previously, I watched someone fill my drink order and put it on a counter where it was subsequently ignored by the other employees who were handing out orders for 5 minutes! They have a computer system just like other McDonaldï¿½
Shocking, the worst McDonald's ever! The staff were dressed in their own clothes, leant on the till ignoring customers and looked put out when having to serve. They moved the slowest I've ever seen a human move, the were lethargic and made it clear they couldn't care less. All of them! Out of two orders, they got both wrong. It's a testament to McDonald's that their general standards are so high, across the world in my experience, that this terrible restaurant stands out as an exception. Whoever does their quality audits needs sacking, or spend more time there.
Rudest employees I've seen anywhere I've been. Whomever is the manager and allows employees to act like this needs to be fired or maybe that's why they are stuck at McDonald's!!!
I walked away from my table, and when I returned someone had drunk my coffee. Straight outta the cup...what a nerve.!!!! While the cleaning lady was right there..
Well the Chicken Burger & Beef Burgers & Fries were the best we've had. The Milkshakes are the most delicious ones we've ever had with all that cream on the top Yummy ½ï
I would give zero stars if I could. I went in to use the restroom. I was told it was out of service. I told the young lady at the counter that I understood it was late and they don't usually allow ppl you use the restrooms after a certain time but I was having an emergency and knew no where else to go. I was willing to make a purchase in exchange. I pretty much just paid to use the restroom bc the food was old and very disgusting. I was shocked. There was a group ahead of me. Everytime they asked for something they were told it wasn't available and had to order things they didn't want. I was told I couldn't get a medium fry, I "had" to purchase a large. Like really?.. I'm grateful to the young lady for letting me use the restroom but it was also extremely gross. Who is running this place?
Waited over an hour to get food, it wasn   t that busy. Turns out the people working there don   t speak English and were calling the numbers in Spanish. (The screen is broken). All we   d ordered was a quarter pounder meal and a McFlurry. The fries wer
Ordered a quarter pounder with silvered onions extra and instead was given dehydrated onions I mean a lot of these onions when taken back to the counter and I told them the issue I was then told that they didn't have any and was refunded my money was not asked if I wanted anything else I had to leave hungry
50 cents for a water. Screw that. Rude employees and slow service. Never had such a bad experience at a mcdonalds before. It takes 45 min to get an ice cream cone. They either need to get better employees or a bigger establishment.
45 minutes waiting for a coffee... they serve me the wrong one... then the manager Marina came totally rude and aggresive to discuss that was what I ordered.  I show how wrong she was... but anyway she still rude and unprofessional.  Bad,  bad, bad... the worse place in South Beach.
I am a big admirer of Bear Freaks doing man vs wild in Discovery channel. From his program I have learnt about Everglades. Maybe I would think I would never visit this place. But it just happened without giving a thought to it. So, obviously I loved it. I believe nobody would disagree who visited this place already.
At this particular McDonald's ( Washington st. South Beach,Miami) The place is busy while the employees are moving around super slowly to get the orders prepared so the wait was a long for a McDonald's. Otherwise no complaints
HORRIBLE SERVICE! All employees look like they hate their jobs. Most with headphones taking to whoever on them. Cashier swearing at their coworkers and whoever they supposedly have on the phone. Claim they are not talking to the customers but the people in their phones. Took forever for just large fries and large sprite. dirty interior. No one is doing their job.
Much better places to eat
"Seriously, replace the entire staff or give them a training! We had to wait for about 45 minutes for our order, which was incomplete.

- wrong drinks
- cold food
- no sauces
- no napkins (alsno not available at the selfservice part)
- employees arguing with each other
- employees are juist having conversations with Friends who are at the desk.
- no structure in kitchen or frontdesk
- homeless people are sleeping inside the restaurant"
Customer service sucks walk to counter to order my meal the Male cashier with 2inch painted fake finger nails was rude said something rude in spanish (i dont care to repeat) and walked away before i could place my order as if I wasn't good enough for him to take my order. However he did have time to come into the lobby and joke around with other Hispanic guests. I had to place my order with another cashier ( who was sufficient) My food was thrown into a bag and shoved at me by another crew member. All of the food was cold and the sweet tea tasted of coffee grounds. All of the tables were dirty and sticky. Having dined in and watched this gross misconduct happen to several guest. Having been a former Manager of a McDonald's it was a duty to share this experience with your company. To be honest if this store was in any other location it would go out of business for extremely horrible customer service and filthy establishment. If i had been a serect shopper or health inspector this location would have failed ï¿½ý%
"This McDonalds is located in a great spot for tourist that are walking. What I really like is that there are computers where one can order and pay for their food instead of waiting in line. Also, they bring the food to your table. Keep in mind this place can get very crowded given the location.
The dining area should be cleaned by staff regularly."
Great food,great location,entertaining rude employees and clothing is optional.Food works like a tasty laxative,you are sure to go within two hours.Cuban employee screams out the numbers in spanish while pregnant employee says Customer should turn gay because he is not picking Up  any of the female employees.Another employee has a nasty cold and was mixing a lemon with hot water.Another Customer was told by pregnant comedic employee  if he did not like their Service he should go eat on Ocean Drive.
I went there two times with bad experiences. Both time the automatic cashier was out of paper. You are calling assistance to have your number of order and they don   t care. They serve your coffee black even of you asked to add cream in the order. Looks
"Self-service order is chaotic. Only received 10 Nuggets instead of 20. Ordered sauces have been compeltely forgotten, now for the second time we had to remind them. Toilets were not clean.
However, food was as expected from McDonalds."
Good drive through service. And the tell-tale fish filet sandwich was cooked perfectly.  I would ask people leaving the drive through to NOT come back out onto the 16th street because it causes havoc at that light.  Please follow the signs around to the left.  It's not that far out of you won't have to be rude and prevent people from turning right on red.
Not one person working spoke hardly any English inquired about Santa's Enchanted Forest coupons which was posted on the door no one could even answer me and said the didn't speak English. I said how you have a job in the United States and not even be able to speak English and they just laugh at me. It took at least 30 min to get a sweet tea this place is Seriously Screwed Up! I will Definitely be calling customer service about my issues at this McDonald's.
I normally do not eat fast food, but I stayed out late and placed an order at 4:30am. The service was fast and friendly. The food came out correct, hot, and fresh. Overall great experience.
Food was good service was god awful. If you're selling hamburgers how can you have no ketchup or mayo packets. Waited forever oh and they have the napkin police you can have 2 napkins LOL. The only reason why I'm giving a second star is the food was good and hot.
Server got my order wrong and made no effort to correct it. Said next and dismissed me very rudely. Tried to talk to another server who barely spoke English, and got the same service as the first. The order that I did get was not at all fresh. Overall worst McDonald's experience I've had. Not impressed and would not come back because of the rude workers.
"Visited  Sunday   17th  March 2019. Without any doubt  the worst McDonald's   I have ever visted. Yes it was busy but the staff dont respond. Stood around talking  whilst  massive queues of customers  built up. Absolutely  no interest  in customer service.

Food lukewarm so they obviously  not waiting for it to be cooked. No point sending it back to wait another 20 minutesNo one giving leadership. Ray Kroc will be turning in his grave. A disgrace if posssible 0 stars"
Never experienced worst customer service in my life. I got charged for a 20 piece nugget (Which is what I ordered) but only got two boxes of 8. Then an employee gave me attitude and ignored me when asking for Sweet n Sour. NEVER COMING BACK.
If you do anything today. Please tell each and everyone of the people that works here they suck. From the guy who can't answer the phone and correct an order to the manager that clearly has not one shred of managerial integrity. I'm sure someone here is worth saving, I just never came across them. #mcdontatall
God, I swear, everytime I come here... what a disaster. The most incompetent employees. There's a thousand employees and service is super slow. Place is always packed and full of homeless people inside and outside the store. I don't even get food, usually I come in for a iced tea and have to wait 10 min+ never again!!!
There are plenty of comments about poor service, not enough about poor quality of food. Not only did they mess up multiple orders, the chicken was undercooked and not eatable. Go eat somewhere else, this location won't meet even your lowest expectations of this brand.
"0 stars. It was 11 pm and I was trying to grab a quick snack after work. The cashier told me i couldn't order anything from the dollar menu. They were only serving large combo meals after 9 pm. They had medium cups but wouldnt allow customers to buy medium drinks. I didnt want to spend $9 on food that i didnt want.
I went to the 7-eleven down the street and bought pizza and a drink instead."
Known as the homeless McDonald's. There kinda slow and really English dosnt work well here. But generally all you would expect from McDonald's. Service is slow.
Terrible experience to say the least! Workers didnt care & they were rude. Took 15 minutes literally to make a bacon,egg, & cheese biscuit. I would never go to this place unless you were starving and only had a couple bucks to your name!
same as all the other reviews, slow, only 6 items on the menu, employees are on their phones more than their helping customers in front of them. Employee's also trash talk customers in front of other customers... Wasn't even worth the head ache of receiving sub-par food for.
Very good
WORST MCDONALDS EVER! Considering is in a very important location in town: staff is rude, lack of service, lack of cleanliness. I   m EXTREMELY impressed of how the staff DO NOT SPEAK ENGLISH. Zero! I speak spanish so I don ½ï
This McDonald   s is an embarrassment to the well known franchise. I have never experienced such poor customer service from a fast food restaurant. I was making a delivery for postmates and the cashier refused to take the order saying that they didn   t sell small fries, mocha latte   s and that their ice cream machine was broken. I wondered why on earth are they open if they don   t have a
THE DIDNT HAVE MY HONEY MUSTARD , SO THEY GAVE ME MUSTARD INSTEAD
I had a security guy who works at this McDonald's ask me to leave as I was enjoying my egg McMuffin, coffee and reading.  The idiot said "you've been here more than 30 minutes and need to leave".  I told him to not be rude and to pound sand, he didn't like that.  Never in my life have I been treated like that or spoken to like that while sitting in any restaurant after paying let alone a crummy, disgusting and badly staffed McDonald's with rude employees.  To top it all off my order was messed up and so was this elderly mans order.  A disgrace of a McDonald's, should be shut down IMMEDIATELY!!!
They didn't give me what I ordered! I paid for 5 hamburgers and they only gave me 4 and the sauces were not the ones I ordered.... on top of that you don't get to refill your drink... I'd give 0 stars if I could! Avoid it
This place is a filth. They don't bother cleaning the tables. The service is ridiculous and the employees are super rude. I don't recommend ever getting food here. I don't trust this place and I don't even trust sitting anywhere. And for anyone's sake, don't ever go to the restrooms. I'm surprise this place is still running and hasn't shut down. Gross!
This is the worst MacDonald's I ever visited. I waited 30 mins for my order. While waiting I observed many other customers waiting and getting their orders wrong.  The staff that was giving out the orders, had difficulty sat the numbers in English. I understand we are in Miami, but come on now. The worst..
Fast and efficient staff.
Will never come back again, I   m from out of town, I waited 20 mins for some cookies and had to ASK for them. Then when I FINALLY got them she literally put the13 cookies in a to go bag, no tote, not wrapped up, literally just thrown in a to go bag AND they got my order wrong, gave me chocolate chip AND raisin, had me wait and 6 of 
Oh Lord like who thought it was a good idea to have only 4 people working at night? That is horriable I feel so bad for the two ladies and the security officer working in these conditions. This is why these fast food companies don ½
"Disorganised, quite possibly the worst fast food restaurant I've been to ever. The staff who read out order numbers don't speak English, my own and many other customer orders were incorrect and staff had no interest in correcting them.

Whoever manages this branch should be ashamed of the shamblic lack of customer service here."
Do not come to this place. I come here expecting nothing and every time come out disappointed. You can always expect your drink to be watered down since they have them sitting pre-made. While waiting for my food i was forced to hear the obscenities that were screamed out back and forth between the employees. One employee even asked for a straw and a pregnant employee asked him if he wanted to be masturbated by her left or right hand. I   m not making this up. The employees there
"Very slow service.. One cashier with a twenty people line.. One lady leaning by the soda machine for over 15 minutes.  now 20.. You can order at the kiosk but you still got to get in line to pay..
Not organised at all"
It   s aite! Just chang
"The food was cold we never got our drinks or ice creem the manager was so rude he thought u got u drinks after your food but we did not get our drinks at all even after waiting about a hour. This place sucks do not EVER go hear un less u like bad service and terrible food.
Hope they go out of business."
This location needs to be shut down and reopen under new management. Everything is wrong at this place- the food is cold, dirty restrooms, your order isn   t being made until y
"No one speaks English here! And the employees don't like people who speak only English obviously. How is this place still in business. I tried the self-service order machine and there's no pager at all. The counter ended up giving me the wrong order and charged me twice the money over the machine.

Ahhh!"
Staff are incompetent and the place is chaos. No one knows where to go or stand.  All the empty tables were dirty. Food was rank as well. Go and enjoy the local food, like I should have.
"Filthiest McDonald's I've ever been to. We visited twice, at different times and it really is disgusting. Not surprising though since it's literally filled with homeless people, sleeping. It's like a shelter in here.
Police came in and kicked several out but not all of them."
Manager refused to refill my coffee. Overall restaurant team members are rude. I recommend going elsewhere. I think manager has poor customer service skills. Very disappointed at this location!
Great place & great prices.
Very bad service, too long to wait for your order. (15 minutes for 1 latte... really guys???) Almost no customers, but dirty tables and restroom which has no soup and hand dryer isn't working. Both of them. Shame!
Always out of nearly everything regardless of the time of day, no value menu items are ever available past noon and good luck getting anything but fries after 7:00.
Clean rest rooms    I
Dirty, and bathroom was not clean.you need to be buzzed in to enter the bathroom, also, bad odor ( B.O) throughout the restaurant
This is not open 24hrs. It's crowded most of the day time! Service could be faster and more organized.
Horrible experience ever!!! You have to wait at least one hour to get your food. Those stupid machine I order a happy meal for my son it charge me but it didn ½
They were really short on staff, the orders took an eternity. This mcdonalds really needs a permanent security guard, the amount of people coming by on drugs making noise and disturbing are way to high. For the first time in my life i was afraid inside a mcdonalds. Not returning for sure.
"I would give it -5 if I could.
Total DISGRACE to McD brand.
We placed an order and paid at the self-serve kiosk. Receipt did not print out. Took our order # in vain hope of seeing the food. No such luck. You need to push yourself through the crowd at checkout counter to wait for order to come out. After 10+ minutes, we heard ""quatro"" screamed out by an employee.  That could have been our order, except it was missing few pieces, and none of the employees at food handout desk spoke any English to understand what I was telling them. NONE.  And my Spanish was not good enough to get the point t across either.
I went back in line, waited another 10mins to speak to a woman taking orders manually, who had to ask for an English speaking manager to troubleshoot our order.  Eventually, order was remedied, handout employee was instructed in Spanish how to fix our order, which she did, finally handing food to us with a farewell message of ""go cuno"".
You can lookup what that means, or avoid our mistake and NEVER go to this McD at all costs."
The staff doesn't speak english. I used the kiosk and they were supposed to bring the food to our table, that didn't happen. My food was cold and stale, i complained and was ignored for 5 min mainly because they didn't speak english.... No Good!!! i would understand if the menu was in spanish but it's in english, don't you think that they people that aere serving you should understand the language the menu is in???
The wait in the lines was a turn off but it's understandable because of it's location, there's a high demand because people seek fast food, something fast to eat. Just like any Mcdonald's location the meal will fill you but you may want to take it to go if you die for those peaceful eats.
This McDonalds serves as the poster child to why they should fully automated. The service is terrible. 9pm on a Saturday night and you'd think they've never served humans before. More employees standing around doing nothing while the line stretches to the back of the store.  Half the items in the menu aren't even available. One employee endlessly walks around the dinning area sweeping up nothing. Food arrives...french fries literary have no seasoning at all. I ask for salt, may as well be asking for solid gold.
This was the worst McDonald's I have ever been in the manager was incompetent and the people behind the counter were just as much of idiots as he was they actual tried to tell us that they gove the food and then give the drinks later McDonald's corporate needs to get involved im this location the manager and people behind the counter were yelling at people after people had to wait 30 mintues to get there drinks I finally gave up after 45 minutes I ask 4 times 4 my ice creams and drinks before I got 3 whole dollars back. and spoken to like I did not onow what I was talking about I have never been in a McDonald's that gives food first and drink later... Horrible service and horrible people that work there.
"Truly awful. Everything was broken down, many menu items weren't available. The nuggets that I did manage to get were overcooked--not quite briquets, but definitely crispier than I expect.

Probably the worst Micky-Ds I've been to."
Very crowded, not organized,  bathrooms difficult to access and had no toilet paper in most stalls. Not very clean
A Restaurant without a Restroom !? In the Pandemic !? And no Sanitizer? With  capacity of over 100 seats? In South beach  Miami? Possibly coz the profit is not good to pay a cleaner ?   You should say 'Mcdonalds & partners' coz the customers use the surrounding restaurants "and streets" to wash their hands or to pee. Still Unique, coz you cant find this in suburbans of Delhi, or Khartoum.  Shame....
A true rip off! They automatically upgrade you for a large meal without asking you anything! I didn't realize right away. When I went back to the register, the girl said that's how it was if you don't specify you want a regular meal... Where else have you seen that??? She didn't apologize or offer me to refund the difference or anything... I asked to talk to a manager and she said she was the manager!!! Waow what a customer service! Anyway it's not for how much extra you pay it's just the fact that Mac Donald is a big corporation and shouldn't allow that kind of policy because the place is packed of tourists and staff take advantage of it. It's unbelievable to treat customer that way!
Worst customer service ever employees are rude and not helpful at all,  I Sat an watched 2 employees sit in the dinning area and just chat for over 30 min while the restaurant was busy.  Tables were very dirty had to clean my own to use.  Don't ever eat here.
Slow service and make sure they get your order right. Hint...Order from new kiosks. Buns outside asking for food, and if you dont help... they tend to get biligerant. Not cool, Mickey Ds. Manager knows, because I told them.
You know why this McDonalds is rated so low? It's because they have 6 ITEMS ON THE MENU EXCLUDING FRIES AND DRINKS! This place is trash! Had to wait 30 minutes in line just go get 2 quarter pounders and 2 fries! If you're in Miami I'm warning you do not go here! There's much better places in Miami to eat then this garbage.
"Lincoln road and Washington Late dinner food was correctly prepared served hot
This place is always packed. It took over 10 mins to  get food.*** If you find this review helpful please like it so others will view it ***"
One of the worst McDonald's I've been. The staff is so unhelpful and with really bad attitude. The ordering kiosks never works and usually one person taking orders for like 10-15 customers. Everytime I'm here always people walk out. And after waiting for 25 minutes to order they don't have most of the menu items available. Worst staff ever
"Worst McDonald on planet earth!! Sloppy service, dirty, limited selection on the menu. I believe mc Donald is losing millions with this place.
Once I ordered a double quarter pound and got a single. Once I ordered a single and got a double. One night I order a quarter pound but they had no more so I order a cheese burger and had no more I just left the place.
Also after a certain time they only serve large meals, no small nor medium."
"Service was absolutly shocking, I have been there twice now (Breakfast / Lunch) and I have been served but the same ignorant girl both times. Even though it is only fast food I still expect the service to out-shine everything else. She needs a lesson in hospitality, or go and find another job that is far away from dealing with a customer face to face.
The decor could do with up dating, but its surroundings with the style of Miami Beach being art deco / retro makes it fit in.
Food - Breakfast was great, quality was great, had to ask for sugar and was given 17 packets for some reason. Lunch was poor, no quality there, cold fries, and it was busy! So that makes no sence.

Overall - Poor. Wont be going back there in a rush!!"
Manager in the morning of April 26th at approximately 8am was the rudest I have ever seen, should not hold that position at all, ..
They won   t sell you anything that isnt $5+. You can ½ï¿½ï
MEH! To 10th power only good thing is they're quick. Service is subpar, there's never a hospitality smile towards the people they're serving. It feels like a grinder there, they must have a high employee hire rate there no one gives that extra effort for the guests, Thankfully there's a security guard working the dining area. I know it's Lincoln road and there's been a homeless and late night problem since forever, getting jacked for my fries will cause a huge problem.
while I'm was ordering my food , there was a homeless lady waiting on her food . she came to the cashier and asked her" where's my food ! I've been waiting for 25 minutes " , u could tell that she was upset ( I would be upset too! ) . the manager Carlos ( he has to be the worst manager ever ) came to her and he said with a Nasty attitude ".... AND!?"   he gave her a nasty look and walked away . the homeless lady sounded that she had a speech problem . Carlos started saying  to the cashier stop taking orders from her !! never again "!!... and then the homeless lady said , can I get my money back then?? , she got $5 dollars back.   carlos said as soon as she walked away he said ( with a nasty attitude "she can have her money back I ain't the one sleeping in the street !! and she won't be eating haha...") . can't believe he said that in front of customers.  !!  something else , the place was super nasty! we couldn't find a clean table ! and there was 2   homeless men sleeping inside of this  . I wish I could give this place -1.
Worst Mc Donald's I have ever visited. None of self kiosk working, one registr open with slow worker, line of 30 guests, some items of menu run out, In stead of Fanta I got Ice tea, fries quite cold. A little bit filthy. 4 workers doing nothing and eating ice cream instead of serving customers. As a person working in hospitality business, I was really shocked, that manager and owner of the restaurant must see this, they are wasting a lot of money. Actually  this working habits are quite common everywhere in Miami.
Ordered here from DoorDash about 5 minutes ago, they forgot one drink, our sauces, and an entire burger, probably the most my order has been screwed up, ever.
this place is ridiculous, train your staff please
Worst McDonalds in the USA! I would give this place a negative star if it was possible. There are a ton of homeless, creepy people hanging around outside and inside. The staff are totally clueless, rude and have no concept of customer service. I waited for 10 minutes on my double quarter with fries, when it came out, the fries were cold as could be. The cashier couldn't care less about my cold fries as she was busy flirting with some seedy looking guy who was hanging out around the counter. This restaurant would maybe be ok in the urban sprawl of Chicago or Baltimore, but I expected much more from one in South Beach. AVOID AT ALL COSTS!
Worst experience ever!!!  Didn't have anything on the menu. When we finally found something we could actually get it was cold. The buns had been toasted long before the burger was made. Not even warm enough to melt the cheese!!  Never again!!
Something needs to be done about this McDonald's (granted i dont frequent any McDonald's) i just spent $8 on my breakfast and the only thing edible was the steak patty from my steak bagel...everyone there seemed to be tired too its 10am!!!...and how come no one speaks English there including the manager...is this miami south beach orrrrr??
This place sucks! I'm never had oily greasy chicken nuggets before, they served that here. I got a grilled chicken sandwich but with no sauce. So I literally also had a large chicken nugget in a bun. Wait time is rediculois, waited 23 mins for 2 items and a drink. Worse macdonalds.
Probably the worst McDonald's I've ever been to. Service was awful, there was a giant cluster of people grouped together waiting to order even though they have those kiosks to order (they were down). They didn't give us the correct food or fix it when we told them. Don't come here. Not even if you have a McDonald's crave. Don't do it.
Worst McDonald's ever so many staff doing nothing. Been here 3 times and all bad experiences. Food so long to be handed out it's cold that's if you get the right order. Tables filthy and never seemed to be wiped and toilets are disgusting.
Food amazing. Prepared quick and fresh. Everything was sooo good. Burger fresh, fries fresh and hot...Reminded me of McDonald's food from the 90's... 
This location is Very rude and impatient. This place needs to be shut down or replace the employees. Simple.  All of the female staff is RUDE ...
was horrible workers barely speak English. at 11pm all of sudden made up late night menu only had select items ie quarter pounder big mac, fish fillet no kids meals fries but only large. fries were old. Hispanic manager barely wanted to do refund stalled on that. would give 0 stars if allowed
Run by morons. We order 2 cones. They charge for 3 cones, so apparently 3 different couriers need to come to serve us. After 5 minutes of arguing amongst themselves and running to the back and telling us they   ll get us the ice cream; a guy comes back to tell us that they won ½ï¿½
I ordered normal Nuggets not Chili nuggets!!! ½ï
Place was very busy and it takes me a long time to take my order
It's nice. The automated ordering machines has a cash payment option but it doesn't work. The menu is fantastic. Lots of options.
Horrible. Place filthy.Service terrible. They fix ur drink early and 20 mins when u do get ur food its waterd down. Tables dirty and food on the floor. I asked them why its so dirty they responded that its the homeless people and tourist fault. Im like what.....
Despite it being rush hour in Miami Beach, the place didn't seem dirty nor the restrooms. The is no parking near the McDonalds so you'd have to find a way to park yourself. Customer Interaction was minimal, which was good(for me), because this McDonalds had a purchasing mechanism for people to buy whatever they want there and receive a receipt to show the cashier and you're basically done, all that's left is waiting for your food. Quick Tip: You are able to pay with cash if you prepurchase, but the money will go to the cashier, not the mechanism. The mechanism does accept any kind of Credit/Debit card.
Amazing place ,thank for your services..
"Service was appalling, food took ages, dirty store and toilets. Incorrect orders and took 15 mins to rectify. Really creepy staff.
I expected it to be fast especially being on holiday from the UK but I was disappointed in my whole experience"
"It was the most terrible Mc Donald   s I ever been!! The staff is completely all over the place.. they don   t even now what to do!
It is"
WTH. 30 minutes and still waiting.  A terrible  location.  Skip it all cost. Bad management.  Bad food. No organization. Its a mess in here!
Worst McDonald's i have ever been. The burguer was completely soaked in fried oil. It was so disgusting. On top of that, they took like 15 minutes to serve our order, and they gave us a paper bag instead of a tray when we ordered it for eating there. Avoid this place
Worst mcdonalds ever. They pretend they dont have anything on the menu and pretend they dont have any sizes other than large. South beach deserves a better  restaurant.
"Horrible service. If I ever have to. I will try to avoid going to that Mac Donald   s again.

Every time I go there they mess up my order.

Waited 30min to get my son an"
The worst McDonald   s I ½ï
Just close it down. Worst service ever. It's a tourist based Mcdonalds so they know most customers are a one time customers. But I live in Miami Beach. I hate this place so much for lack of care and customer service. And they know corporate or management doesn't care. Makes me not want to go to any Mcdonalds anywhere at all.
Worst service ever if it totally disrespected being disabled I have to be served outside window and they said no we can't do that and they forced me to go inside I'm asking where or just here's money I'll meet you outside they need threaten to call the police
Rude service, fries were underdone and cold, sweet tea was like pouring a bag of sugar down my throat. Unless there's an apocalypse and zombies are after you stay away from this place.
Terrible attention. It takes 20 minutes for the delivery of a burger. I don ½ï¿½ï¿
"THIS PLACE IS HORRIBLE DON'T  COME HERE AND HERES WHY.

1. Horrible costumer service.
2.The sprite taste water down and it taste like a knock of sparkling water.
3.My friend and I bought Oreo McFlurry taste like eggnogg.
4. The fries are cold
5.They don't give you napkins and ket
6.The Wrap-Cpy is soggy and if you want it crippsy too bad.
7. It's really dirty

DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME COMING HERE!"
"Racist!

The female with a foreign accent stated ""that's why we don't like black people"" after I demanded a receipt for my cash purchase of large fries. They would not accept any other form of payment!

Mean, nasty, and rude!"
Open 24 hours and serves all day breakfast.
This is the nastiest Mc Donalds on the planet. It's not unusual to see multiple homeless people sleeping inside and the diner is always filthy. I'm not even going to mention the bathroom. If this is what the front of the restaurant looks like imagine what the kitchen is like. I would never eat here. I wish I could attach pictures on here so you all can see what I'm saying.
It was the worst experience I ever had in a fast food restaurants....1st off the lines go around the Mcdonals not because thiers alot of people but because thier are staff on thier phones and talking to each other while the lines r going around and around ....2nd after u wait sooooo long to order u get an attitude fir asking wby its taking so long ....it was 30 mins give me a break ur not cooking mostly everything is heated up its Mcdonals ....3rd they get ur meals wrong everytime no fail always!!! Iv come here alot of times but Im fed up ....the girl that worked thier rolled her eyes and laughed with another worker because I asked about y it was taking long ... comw on I dont mind waiting all day. Ut be respectful ....custumer service ... .manners.....give some smiles.....if ur not going to work at least be polite ..... Something needs to be done this is not the 1st time and Im not the only one complaining!!! I never rate good or bad but today I cant take it .....I live in NY every place is packed and never ever the service I got here
Spent 30 min in line, partly because order numbers were only announced in Spanish, got given a sprite instead of a McFlurry, coffee was medium instead of large because I   m guessing they couldn   t r
Tried to Order on the Terminal - couldnt pay cause it said i need a table number but they were no signs for it. Nobody could tell me where i get a table number, cause nobody was able to speak english here. Not even the employes behind the counter could speak english - they acted like they were retarded. I couldnt place my order and had to leave cause nobody could understand me - Thought this is Amerika ? Worst McDonalds ever!
One of the best coffees in Miami
How this McDonald's hasn't been shut DOWN is beyond me. This place needs more cashiers, security and a broom. An absolute otrosity. Many homeless people in the establishment. I have nothing against them. Shut this McDonald's down and open up a homeless shelter. The only reason I gave it one star is because I couldn't post this otherwise.
Food was fresh,staff was cordial but the restaurant itself was filthy!
Always packed and food takes 20-30 mins sometimes, only worth it to save money but quality is not the best as others McDonald's off the beach
Crystal was the manager the night i was in. she was very attentive she listened to me and right away solved my issue and gave me such a nice dining experience that night thank you so mush crystal and your wonderful staff.
"The worst Mc Donald's ever!
Nobody understands English!
Uneducated , and rude employees , including the managers!
The Coca-Cola is flat! Like water with a bad taste!
Full of drunk , drug addicts, and homeless people"
Clean, fast service
Unable to use McDonald's app to purchase meal. Lack of communication when order is ready per order# leads to 20 min or indefinite wait times on 20 chicken nuggets.  No sauce with nuggets when asked to receive BBQ. No value menu and significantly overprices menues.  Let me finish by mentioning a non functioning hand dryier and no towels.  McDonald's Miami... "I'm loving it.. " NOT
Service horribly slow (more than 20 min to prepare a simple order outside rush hours). Unpleasant staff.
Super crowded and dirty. They yelled out our order saying it's ready, but after looking in our bag it turns out we were missing half of the food we ordered. They need to get it together.
The food was good bit the service was awful! The cashier got an attitude because I asked if my order was right! Then on top of that the person handing out an order did the same thing because I asked for ketchup!
The staff talk loudly, they talk in their language    The store trash was out of the container the whole hour I was there eating my food    They're disrespectful to homeless people telling them to get the f*** outï¿½ï¿½ï
The best meal for the best price, that I had in Miami
I required some hot water for my parents but they wanted to charge me for a tea. This could be no problem as a routine. Just make me somewhat uncomfortable.
This location sucks. Very disorganized & dirty. They are not cleaning tables. Filthy. Workers are not helpful at all. Bathroom is nasty too.
"Mc Donalds 1650 washington ave

This was a terrible experience with this gay guy, he is rude with customers and employees. I was standing for about 5 minutes in line, and i asked him why he is not taking my order, and he said:
I dont have 4 hands, i take orders after i finished serving all the orders. Im not gonna get a stroke.
Come one man! You are working in a Mc Donalds, you have to be fast and take orders while serving! That job is not for that guy. There are a lot of good workers out there who needs a job, and that guy dont appreciate that. I hear him saying to another employee: change your face because if you dont like it you can quit!

I would never go to that mc donalds! Never in my life! I never had such a bad experience with a gay! Those people are nice 100%! But this one has some problems!"
I have never seen so many RUDE employees here!!! The manager should be working at a flea market, no social skills!!!
"Worst mcdonalds ive ever been to in my entire life! The cashier entered the order wrong and made it look like our fault. We got supersized meals and we asked for sandwitches only.
The front workers did not know how to speak english ... Am I in the USA?! .. Pls
They did not have mac sauce."
The worst McDonald's known to man. I would rather traverse the dmz nude than visit this monument to inefficiency. Visiting after 10pm? Only 8 value meals are available. And chances they get your order right with the reduced menu? 0.  Literally 0 for 6 in the 10 months I've lived close to this location. Save your sanity and Walk the extra distance to Alton and 16th and visit that location.
"Ours a McDonald's..when you want it you want it. Ours the convenience ave reliability you go for when you do. Where ever you are and they have a McDonald's, which is seemingly most places with any population of any significance at all, YOU ALWAYS KNOW WHAT YOU'RE GOING TO GET.
McDonald's Fries  ½ï¿½ï"
I eat here almost 3 times a week! Great food. Not unhealthy like people say!!!! (According to that movie 'Supersize Me' I should be obese and having a heart attack right now) but im not..... I'm nowhere near out of shape.. but maybe I'm just Bionic.
Not lovin it. Dear all McDonald's, please shut the business down or sell actual food please. I can't believe the FDA ACTUALLY approves of this plastic food industry. Exhibit A- chicken nuggets. This gunk does not tear like an actual chicken. I rest my case.
SCAM, when I went here a first time, the waiter Mauricio gave me a wrong change, I've said nothing. The second time I've returned with this same waiter and he gave me the wrong change again. I've said to him, he took my money and my ticket and he gave me less than before ! As I haven't my ticket anymore, I haven't anything to prove it... It's a shame !
Employees are very rude and they give you whatever they feel like giving you . I ordered 20 nuggets they gave me no sauce. I asked for sauce the cashier gave me attitude AND they were out of all of the sauce except BBQ. This is the worst McDonald's ever
It is equal here in Brazil. Not new.
I only have 1 star just because. The employees are rude, manager pretend she don't understand English. They won't let you use the restroom because they said they just cleaned it. Their're so Rude.....
Dirty, crowded and loud.
Being coming to MacDonald for a while now, Never had a problem with the staff ,Ricardo one of the managers great service,and now you can place your order on one of the machine they have in the lobby,as well you place your order and they bring food to your table,waiters wow MacDonald.
The the drive thru is consistently much linstantly much lower than what's expected
Don't waste your time at this McDonald's. You will be waiting for at least 30 minutes to get your food. Kiosk ordering is also messed up at this location, and doesn't work like it does at other locations.
Worst place to go to, one of the worst McDonalds around, all staff is useless and they sit there and talk amongst themselves when they see that the line is out the door, always crowded, they're forever giving out flat ass soda, they had someone waiting 20 min for a drink, I ordered a simple 5 item meal and they took almost an hour to finally give it to me, food is cold most of the time, you're better off walking 5-10 min to the McDonalds on the other side of Lincoln and get your food within like the first 5 min
The worst Mcdonald i ever been in. Stuff is slow, lots of misunderstanding, they don   t know what to do with mobile
Very slow serving, I don't know if there was many new people in kitchen. But I had to mention what else they forgotten in my order in order to get it.
Gets busy so remember your order number so servce  runs smoothly
They took so long
Although the food is great there was not full menu available even on request.. i think that should be a legal requirement and really spoilt my trip.. very sad.. as i wanted to compare calories and price.
Typical McDonald's Fast Food Restaurant if on a budget in South Beach this is ideal, store manager needs to deal with those coming into store and not purchasing food or drink can be intimidating for some people.
Best value meal = Double Quarter Pounder Cheese just the sandwich with a Glass of water.
Really slow service. Crazy long lines at 7:30 in the morning. Expect paying customers to be out numbered by homeless...
The food is good and their service is great. They only have one cash register in the morning, hate me more than one cash register open in the morning because of the traffic .
Asked for #1 combo . They charged me for the large . I went back to complain . Register guy said since I didn   t specify, than they automatically give u the largest combo possible. Nancy the ma
Worst attention and food ever, don't worth the price at all. Waiters are very rude with customers. All the process was lingering and the food was really cold.
Took long time to get food. Food was cold.when ordering on do it you self screen after you order everything you could not pay then had to get in line to pay.AC was not working super hot inside.
Good for late night snack since it opens late. The restaurant is newly renovated and kept clean. But beware there is homeless later in the night sleeping.
Poor service! I played order first, I got the last ! They gave me sausage McMuffin without egg even though I paid the price with egg! Really really bad service!!!
Good staff and food
Ass. Buddy at the cashier told my friend and I that there wasn't 6 pc nuggets and we can only get 10 pc. And how there's no medium drinks when the medium cups are IN FRONT OF US.  Con artist
Everything dirty the whole restaurant. Was covered in trash n I was scared to eat my food but I was starving the staff isn't too friendly either they look like they wanna hope over the counter and start throwing hands at everybody
Only thing I liked was 24h running.
Too busy
Rude and disorganized. 27 minutes to get coffee.
Worst McDonald's I've ever been to. Only half the menu items available (in large only). Terrible service. Rude staff  Got my order wrong and they gave me a hard time when I went to get the correct order
All the workers dont have educaci ½n to threat customer .in dont Let use bathroon to old peopl
HORRIBLE SERVICE! ATTITUDES FROM EVERYONE! NO SMILES, JUST YELLING OUT NUMBERS AND TOSSING YA FOOD! FIRST TIME EVER IN MIAMI AND I WOULDN'T RECOMMEND THIS PLACE IF IT WAS FREE FOOD! EVERYONE NEEDS AN ATTITUDE ADJUSTMENT!
Trendy and Touristy planted in the right ventricale of South Beach. It has a modern make over. Not at all a bad ace for window shopping.
"I've waited 10 minutes before I could make my order with one person in front of me.. Thanks the told me that they haven't cheeseburger.
The service isn't polite and every single person stands around and is doing nothing"
It use to be a good meal there. Now they sell only the expensive meals! You don't have more choices on the menu. I recommend subway is more cheaper and healthy it's on the same block where is mc Donalds.
Havent ate mcdonalds in a year.ordered a filet o fish.it was excellent. And the girl behind the register.dont know her name but she was a sweetheart. Dont see that often in mickey dees.
Terrible customer service. Card machines didnt work on self service so people had to queue to pay despite placing an order which is just ridiculous. Staff were miserable. Barely said hello/hola
Order and pick up system. Horrible. The worst. If you just want a McFlurry or a quick coffee forget it. Go to another place. Waited nearly 10 minutes after an order for a mcflurry....
Very bad service
I don't really like McDonald's, this place was not very clean. The food is the same as in any other. The toilets were fine.
I don't eat McDonald's usually bit when I'm in town I come to this location Bex the food is fresh.
15minutes for a drink. Toilet worste than a war field. Everywhere dirty. No enough space. No receipt from the machine to order... Avoid this place!
Worst Mc Donald's around the world so far... They have some sparkling water with a flavor that reminds you coke, instead of actually coke... A cheap big Mac, not in a good way. No napkins or ketchup avaliable.
It not good.     Staff - no customer service skills. I asked for milk for the coffee. They had no idea. Also no sugar was added and I asked for sugar. When I asked for a package of sugar I got lectured that I should have asked for it when orders.  It not good
Definitely the worst McDonald   s that I ever been, it   s a shame for a company like McDonald 
Like any regular McDonald   s. Nice outside eating area. Nice cle
Both English and Spanish staff. Very kind. The food is, you know, food from McDonald's, but the service and the restaurant are very good. Bathrooms were clean.
Worst experience i ½ï
This is literally the worst mc donalds EVER. Don   t even bother coming here.. so busy, staff is soso and also they got my order wrong. Like.. what?? I 
It was the most slowest, unprofessional McDonalds I have ever been in in my entire life!!!!!!  No costumer service at all .Third person in line 7:00 a.m. - 7:45 a.m. still no food.
Sandwich crispy chiken, 2 pi ½ces of hamburger bread a
Ordered take out. The staff was great and attentive, the food was perfect. Great location.
It's McDonalds come on folks of course I'm still lovin'' it..J.O
Service is so so. The bad, some of the employees don't speak English. And while I was here, a confrontation between a black fat girl and an old bag on a wheelchair barking up a fight. Heard the old lady call the black a gorilla.
Slow service. At night time absolutly slow and no care if customer wish to order or pay. During day it is recomended to order and pay at self-serving kiosk.
Not open 24 Hours.  Even the website says open 24 hours, but trying to navigate McDonald's website to contact them was impossible.
"Worst McDonalds iv ever been to!

25 minutes for 2 cheese burgers and 6 nuggets and ended up getting 2 quarter pounder meals with cold patoto chips and a flat Coke.

Can't keep up with demand, i suggest finding a different McDonald's."
Great, the apple fritters are my favorite !
"I would like to put less than one star bit I can't.
Worst Mc ever been, if u want to eat something fast go on and find other places.
Not recommended."
The service is horrible at in line for 30mins to be told the shake machine is down which always seem to be the story. They can only take cash and the customer service sucks. I really wish they get it together
This McDonald's can never get it right. I've stopped counting the amount of times that they messed up my order, whether it's a slice of cheese missing or my sandwich overflowing with sauce when I specifically ask for a little bit.
McSorry AF location.Rude people. Your not doing people a favor by taking theire order. Your doing your job. Or you should be. What happened to Mcdonalds? They used to have standards
Food was good and they are open 24 hours.  Have a limited late night menu and still didn't have items on that menu.
TO FLEE. Waiters are very very unpleasant. I have ordered a Sundae, there isn't no peanuts and they haven't proposed me another thing to substitute it, like M&M's or Oreos or whatever else.
Half staff is good half doesn't know what they doing,  they will need better management for sure! Be careful about preparing food please!
Really bad customer service. Not once but twice with two different employees. Asked for condiments and you would think they were doing me a favor.
The worst MD i have ever been to! The dirtiest restrooms and always veeeery long lines! And also they often give your order partly
Disappointed - wasted my time driving over here to find out that it's clearly NOT open 24 hours... JUST UPDATE YOUR HOURS ON GOOGLE ALREADY
no power to the cardboard drinking straw
This is the worst McDonald's on the planet not one of the rude Cubans that work there don't deserve to make a hamburger.
So I was offered a free fries and drink if I lend the cashier my phone. The manager used my phone to complete customer satisfaction survey on mac cop website.
The place is nice but the table all ways is dirty  is my 4time i have to clean the table at 8 am they have bad attitudes  all my family stop coming here
I   m so disappointed bec
Worst Mcdonalds, no matter the time of day expect at least 10-15min even if you order just coffee. Drunk homeless people always trying to get someone to buy food or free refills...unfortunately no other close by alternative McDonald's
Be careful, they will only let you buy large meals at night time. But serve medium, not many notice because they're drunk
"Terrible service. They don't take the order properly and when the food comes out, is different from what I ordered. They don't even have mayo and it's a completely disaster.

The food isn't good compare with other mc
Mc Donald's.

Don't come."
"Incredibly dirty! Not
One clean table in the whole place. I talked to
The manager and her response was "" Oops, I forgot
About the lobby"" ."
Always good
Its supposed to be a fastfood place but after 10 min not one food order has been served.  The employees are standing around, not doing anything while many many people are waiting for their orders. One customer asked if any food at all will come out soon and did not even receive an answer. Don ½ï¿½ï
Good location, dirty, orders messed up, seating has tiny tables or fixed-to-floor barstools.  Staff was helpful but disorganized.
Absolutely awful, staff messing around joking about and not making orders, giving orders wrong and screaming at the tops of their voices, over 30 mins for two burgers and a drink, lmao what a joke
I just ordered Uber eats and paid extra 5$ for delivery, and I got no napkins, no ketchup, no straw ! Horrible service, I live one block from McDonald   s and I just paid the extra mon
Dirtiest restroom I had seen in my life. No paper, disfunctional totally. Do not go there!
Food didn   t come. Had to rem
The usual homeless pplz  all over dnt feel sanitary to eat in but tak outs the norm...
Always quick service
20 mins to make an order, 30 mins to get it with wrong items! awful place! Staff uneducated, unhelpful and absolutely negligent to customers.
Very poor service. Would only give us one cup of water for two kids! Not the experience I expected.
Very busy but relatively well organized. Not sur about the cleanliness of the place. Good McDonald fare
Worst McD I've ever been. Hostess rude, meals wrong prepared and the manager so unprofessional that clearly explained how that branch works...
Everybody there was kind and hard working. Me and my sister went for breakfast and they hustled and made everything perfect in a few minutes:)
It took over 20 minutes for 2 sweet tea's and a md fry.. the fry's was cold and nasty
The place is a mess. They take your order but when you pick it up, it is different of your request. The kiosks don't work. There is a strange smell near the cashiers.
Worse McDonald's ever.  Waited in line with no service for 40 minutes only to be told they didn't have hot chocolate...  Really....  And the servers were rude and unhelpful...  Avoid this place if you can...  Shame on McDonald's for letting this place represent them....
Yo I'm in Miami and they got steak and pancakes. That steak is gooood. I'm from Jersey we don't have that. McDonald's spread the love up North.
Gross. Why would you put this in your body? Please consider eating anything else. If you need to grab something to go, try Abuela's (Cuban) on Lincoln Road just a few blocks away.
Artisan Grilled Chicken was like rubber. Could not chew it. Payed 9 bucks for a drink, fries and tomato and lettuce sandwich basically.
It   s not true they open 24 hours. They usually cl
Alway that I go they took to long to serve you and when the food come. Come like Ice cold. They should focus on food qualities more often.
Cold food.  Consistently given wrong order. Cashiers barely speak or understand English. This place is a joke. Avoid this location!
The food is good but the service and organization is a real mess.  Never go during rush hour.
An ice cream cone is still a great buy here. I couldn't eat the whole thing. Doug had to eat part of it.
Worst service. This is why YOU should learn English when arriving to AMERICA!! 3 DAYS in a row something has to be missing. Either no creamers for my coffee, or no spoon for my oatmeal, or wrong sandwich.
Very tasty food
"DISASTER! fast food? Where? Here? Not man...forget it

QUALITY? Yeah right

SERVICE? They don't know what that means...

Hey somebody do something there, and remember HEALTHY DEPARTMENT IS AROUND THE CORNER!!!"
The food was allright but the staff was very unfriendly. The need to learn how to greet people and smile.
Literally the worst McDonald's experience I've ever had in my entire life. Staff move at snail's pace, let people cut the line, do not even acknowledge the wait
Kinda bad. Burger was cold and dry. Figure the way it was busy. It would be popping hot patties like crazy...but no :(
It was McDonald's exactly like ray crock wanted anyone inted anyone in the world takes the same
Good for late night meal TBH
"I don't recomend  this place,  it's very dirty .
smelling bad.....The need a better management.
The bathroom is worse......"
Clean, quick service. Open 24 hours. Great to wait for the Megabus stop .
Worst mcdonalds ever and thays saying alot because they're all terrible and the staff was so rude it was shocking i ask for ketchup he just stares at me turns around and walks away and dosent even give me my drink and ignores me i will never go back
The worse Mc Donald I've ever been. Under staffed and confusion to get your food right. Far away from company's minimum standard.
It's always super packed in here. The food is ready at a decent time but the fries are never fresh
Food was cold and of course the milkshake machine was broken...again
Horrible absolutely horrible service .. Food was good though
Enter at your own risk, if you can make it pass the homeless hanging around outside.
Saved my but one night. Manager was very kind and considerate to my situation and let me stay till I figured out what I needed to do
Not your typical McDonalds.  Middle of the city McDonalds are dirty and bathrooms are locked and dirty. Service is slow and your order not right. But it is the cheapest food in the block.
Bad quality, bad service, missed the notes. Just go down the road to Five Guys.
Most forgot they are working in customer service. They talk to people as if they are doing them a favor instead of we're helping each other
Slowest McDonalds! Fries often cold, coke taste like it has zero carbonation, restaurant never appears clean.
Standard McDs, but fully of the most shady nut jobs ever and this was 10am on a Saturday morning
They only serve big mac, mcchicken and chicken nuggets after 10pm. No drinks or other food than that.. Then just close the mcdonalds if you are not serving your food anyway...
Worst McDonald   s in South Beach, asked for some water and she said    we don ½ï
Good place. Have a friend that works here
I am very disappointed with this McDonald's.  I order my lunch 30 minutes ago and I'm still waiting inane for my to go order. I'm never going to this McDonald's again.
Ordered over the app. Came here while it was raining and they were closed.
Worst mc donalds ever 20 min for a salad then bring the wrong salad employees look like chickens without there heads
Very  dirty place !!! Manager is really really really Rude so will never go Again  
came here after a road trip at about 11pm, the food was GROSS.
"Loved McDonald's!only time I get to have it is when I adventure over to Lincoln Avenue and head towards south beach
Come on Miami beach build one near publix or Walgreens on 71st street"
Legit almost just got robbed here would not suggest going at night, even if your with the homies
Take for ever to bring you food slow services. Im not recommend this restaurant
This Mcdonalds is really improving! I can see a lot of improvement specially on the staffs! Keep up the good work!
The least expensive meal we have had in South Beach...I enjoyed every bite of it!!!
The worst McDonald's I have ever seen. Dirty, bad service and arrogant staff who do their own business instead of working.
You only speak Spanish made for a harbor experience I would never recommend this restaurant to anyone I understand where we are but they need to speak English as well
Horrible...Bad customer service...Dirty store with the men's bathroom broken
I overheard the man standing at the window outside because it wouldn't open the door for people to eat inside to say if the people out there
The place was very slow. Tables not cleaned. Recycled unused ketchup pouches instead of throwing away.
Pretty much every employee here is unhelpful and clearly unhappy. My order is wrong every time.
This location in Miami is horrible.  Ordered a Quarter Pounder and it came back twice under cooked. Not friendly at all.
Worst McDonald's I've ever been to. Service is horrible and the food was worst. I don't recommend it, there's other fast food restaurants in the area.
Services were very slow.  Order was missing items.
By far the worst McDonald's I've ever been to.  Food was gross and the place is dirty.  Save yourself and don't come here.
Workers  very sloppy in serving  food to customers  they walking around  while the  food sit there getting COLD and act like  we are bothering them for serving  us  all these attitudes workers  need  to give up the job to someone   who have better  customer service representation.
Worst McDonald's ever. Rude attendents, whitered french fries, Soda was like dirty  Water, and a bunch of homeless inside the restaurant requiring money.
I've never scene a worse place in my life! Bad service, terrible food, 25 minutes for a mcchicken you're kidding me right
Service is horrible , not enough staff , wait is long , didn   t get our order right afte
didn't speak english and messed up order (even after she double checked) and two other people in line had the same problem. honestly 0/5
Lovely for price and location. Fast Food great for "very hungry" and little money rs
Bad. Special thanks to McDo's WiFi
Very bad experience I waited for my order long time and a lot people were waiting too.
Easy access to SouthBeach. Good customer service.
What an awful filthy place. 84 degrees outside and no ice cream. The place looks like a zoo. Cups, paper, food, everything lies on the ground. Horrible.
"Good shakes :)
Lot's of cream."
Service was good quick and the place was clean.
The restaurant was good except it took awhile to place and get my order.
They dont have pickles I want pickles! The service is normal if you want to grab so delicious burger is an O.K stop.
The service and food is horrible, u order take a number and wait for someone to bring your food the food never gets delivered, u have to get bk up and get it, there are flies all over the place, very unsanitary.
tense enviroment, tourist being lost, locals not knowing English, the youth being punks.. great time!
Worst McDonald's in all of Florida!!! Staff barely speaks English and are sooo rude. NOT at all customer driven, very conceited, ignorant, and self absoluteness for the wait. Stay away at all costs!!!!
I personally don   t understand why is very bad
Absolute nightmare. Super congested. Slow to get order. Employees confused and seemed as if they didn ½ï
Poor management, kiosks and monitors not working properly and place understaffed. Additional sauces missing and incorrect items delivered.
I do believe that this place is without a doubt the worst McDonald's I have ever been in. Rude staff, dirty, inability to fill orders....endless
Half the kiosk machine's where down and crowd control was missing. Someone out front directing people and helping at the kiosks would have made a very different experience.
This is horrible place! worst service ever! shame of Mac Donald!Do not visit this place. Completely mess!!Staff was conducting in inappropriate way!
Very busy, only had like 5 meals to choose from because they were out of everything else & when we got the order they we're out of the condiments we wanted.
This location is in a bad area, lots of addicts, but I guess that is what America is now.  I don't understand what this does not exist in other countries.
Great Carmel Frapp ½s the large i
Kiosks not working, terrible restrooms, missed 2 articles in our 4 article order. You had one job, McD!
"Self-service machine doesn't work properly. Terrible service.
Wrong meal given, after arguing I got the right one."
The boy at the register was rude, the manager wasn't much better and the dining area was a mess.
The management so mean  
Fast service. Good icecream. But terrible smell and rude people.
Worst McDonald   s ever managers is rude as hell for it to be no drive thru their s
This place is the worst!  I came down on a 3 day vacation and spent two of them with violent food poisoning!!!!! This was the only food I had within the 24 hour mark.  I ½ï
Crazy wait times at night. Self service kiosks not available and one of four cashiers open, horribe.
Stay away! Beggars allowed to harass customers, area is filled with pickpockets, cashiers try to give less change and pocket the difference.
Always super busy and food is out quickly and still hot!
Two nights in a row we ordered from here and they forgot our sauces.
Looking for a quick bite to eat. Low on cash. Come to McD's. Just don't use the bathroom. Oof.
It is the worse mcdonals. It has a bad customers attention.. always the local is dirty and the food does not has the best quality.. It has to improve the service because of that place is in a tourist point!
Worst service ever , people some respect the line. Service is very slow. Besides the waiting they treat you bad. Not recommend
You order a meal, and they automatically charge you for a large without even asking. I didnt know till my food came, upselling customers :(
Haven ½ï¿
This McDonald's is right in the beginning of Lincoln road. But they don't sell hamburgers or cheeseburgers. The weirdest thing ever. Only specialty sandwiches, so for kids it's a little inconvenient.
This McDonalds has a drive thru only your walking so I would call this a Walk Thru Window.
No veggie option that is a mess today
"The worst McDonald   s I   ve every been to.
I ordered and payed fo"
Service is too slow, the worst at any McDonald's I have ever experienced
Very Good service.Mcd was packed & employees were very very professional & courteous. Repeat customer.
Service is so bad, totally inefficient, and slow. I waited for so long and my order was even wrong
Very disorganized, I was given the wrong order, then given an incomplete order after. Only plus side to this McDonald's is the cheap food.
The place in Google said open 24 hs, we went there by 11 pm and it was closed
Syf, ki and mogi ½
Worst mc Donald's I've ever been, filthy and bad customer service, the bathroom smells like nobody has cleaned it in a decade
The Artisian Chicken Grilled Sandwich was too salty and the tomato slice and lettuce completely overwet.
At this location every employee have attitudes this is observing them with other customers. Horrible!!!
Sooo dirty. Used the bathroom after I ate, and I felt like I needed a full shower afterwards.
Despite having a lot of people waiting they manage to have them satisfied
Lazy staff working out here, even if you tell them to make it fresh they will make you wait and still handover cold food.
Very bad customer Service!!! Only one cashier open and she was very rude!! I did not Order
Tastes like sh.., no stuff available...
Probably the worst McDonald's I've ever been to! They forgot the mc flurry and were soo slow. Don't buy the quarter pounder!!!!!  :(
Quick service.
This place does not deserve any stars. The worst ever. I'm sorry, I thought we still lived in America, please speak English & Spanish!!
Ordered an apple pie at 2:03p and ate it at 2:30p only to relize it expired at 1:50p. It was hard and cold.
Q: will i ever get tired of the breakfast sandwiches?? A : No. They can do with tidier tables , though
Seriously bad service, how hard is it to make a plain mcchicken?!? No ranch, no mozzarella cheese sticks. Rude employees, and slow service!
Extremely busy. Workers were rude and slammed your food down in front of you. Bathrooms were absolutely horrendous.
Its McDonald's. Nothing to expect other than you've eaten most our lives. Staff was very friendly. Cheapest place to eat in south beach.
Service was very fast customer service was also good
Whatever I wanted, the didn't have it! It was so long to wait to pay. This is the WORST McDonald's that I had ever eat before! If could put 0 star I will do it!
Horrible service. Only speak spanish, messed up put order. Dirty tables and bathroom.  Avoid
Super bad wait time and service food, the fries were plain with no flavor also .
Horrible.
Poor service. Cleaners were literally sweeping around our table while we were eating  ½ï¿½ï¿½ï
Their food quality is nowhere near as good as BurgerFi's burgers & fries or FiveGuys.
Order was wrong and waiting far too long for "fast food" on ly good thing was the milkshake
Dont have 24hrs on your door but your doors are closed and there are people inside. Change your hours!
"I always love Mcdonalds. It never fail me every time I needed to get a quick bite

Always the best!"
The service was really bad we had to wait a very long time just to get fries and a milkshake and when they have gave us the order the fries were really bland
Sucked if i didnt have to give this bad place a star i wouldnt of i dont know how McDonald's keeps these people working 4 them
Great example. A bit busy. Had to wait quite a while for the food.
Long lines to order and to pick up,  employees behind the counter very slow, dirty, no customer service at all!!! I'm never go back here again! !!!
Not very good lines some guy cussing thought he was first behind me a ways... not so fun with a kid
Terrible,chaotic environment,employees,should not be exposed to the kind of verbal abuse,and lack of dignity show from the walk in visitors.
crowded, dirty, frantic. fast service, but your order may not be correct
There is no free refill in this place . But u can use mobile app for cheaper order.
They was fast and hot and fresh not much seating tho
Gr8
Congested location and interior. Employees always mess up orders - due to the fact that most do not speak English
I love McDonald's from south beach Washington ave every day mc coffee in my head  ½ï
Giving it 1 star because I can 
Worst McDonald's on earth. Bathrooms are disgusting. Ordering is on kiosk but you never get your food. Pure chaos
So slow.  Took forever to even order and now is taking forever to get the food.
Haven't got any souse. Toilets were dirty. Really bad!
Waited 55 minutes for my order. No English. No change available. Rude and unfriendly staff. Avoid this place.
Shocking service, staff didn't have a clue. Food was grim and the toilets were horrendous!
Filthy place. No paper on the order kiosks. Tables and floor very dirty.
Worse McDonald   s ever! We waited 45 minutes for cheese
Worst McDonald's ever... not even in Mexico you can fine attention like this. Disgusting.
It was cool for a quick bite to eat
The food was bad and the staff were rude what more can I say, not the most pleasant of visits to McDonald's.
Best mc Donald fast and service good food not expensive  ½ï
Typical McDonalds food. Seating was nice and ample. Women's restroom was unclean.
Not clean place to eat always dirty, the area for the juice and soda always has a smell
Staff was quick and professional. A welcome improvment from my last visit!
Very poor- cleanliness was awful. Clearly no management focus on basic standards
there food never taste fresh and there service is very poor.... This McDonald's "suck"
Very good options for All fast food lovers and placed at nice location....
We use uber eat order meals. The McDonald's missing some items and processing is very bad.
Horrible restaurant, dirty, have no options, all the time just few combos available, should get out the the business
Very Bad service and NO CHESEEBURGER AT ALL!!  Worst McDonalds experience Ever!
Not open 24 hours ½
They disregard promotion offers and very arrogance stuff and unfriendly boss. Very bad commercial for mcdonalds brands.
Long waiting time for the order. Staff was nice and ok.
You average McDonald 
I found this McDonald's on Garnet Ave. in PB. I had my bogo free for a 1/4 pound cheeseburger.  I was helped by Evone at the drive-thru.  She was awesome in helping me at the drive thru.  I was able to get my bogo and the food was cooked fresh. She was very nice to bring it out to my car in a few minutes.  Thanks, Evone and McDonald's.  The quarter pound cheeseburgers were delicious.
If I can give zero Stars I would, I went in in front of the very beginning she didn't want to take my code for the app, then they literally gave me just the buns that were burnt and burnt chicken and when I asked for my money back they didn't want to give me the rest just the burger and I said that's fine but I need my fries and she threw my fries away in front of me and literally said that there was nothing there. So basically they're pathological liars and like to take advantage of others. I also believe they're all family members working there
"I love the food and all. When I ordered a kids meal, I asked to get Rocket (Guardians of the galaxy), and I was told they didnt know what it was.
Then when I received my kids meal, they gave me a Black Panther...  ½ï"
"worst macdonalds i have been to .

normaly i don   t leave a review because it   s macdonalds. it   s most of the time good but i   m traveling as a teen for almost a year and come to the macdonalds almost daily and never seen a place this dirty and so non customer friendly .
i walked in and ordered mac nuggets i payed with quarters because i had to get rid of mine change . the lady walked off out of nowhere and came back and said you haven"
Today the service was impressively spectacular, usually it   s kinda questionable but today set a high bar so hopefully that continues. The staff has always been friendly to the people coming and going, itï¿½ï¿½ï
always  a joy. Clean and standard is always  a charm. Keeps  you going  back.
"I use the drive through and I order 2 meals. No politeness from any of the 2 people inside. I asked for barbecue sauce, the girl throw one at me (and she really throws it) and then told me that if I want more its 25 cents for every barbecue sauce I want. Yall should go to the other Macdonald on misson bay, they are sweet and respectful and dont ask you to pay for barbecue sauce, Its free over there. Dont lose your time and money with those people, it just does not worth it.
Service: She throw sauce at me
Atmosphere: No politeness
Food: have to pay to get barbecue sauce lol
Respectfully"
I haven   t been to a McDonald   s in years but the prices are way up. $27 for a small breakfast fo
"This is not a 24 hour establishment.
They allow you to place an order via the app and then, you show up to pick up your coffee and they come to the window just to tell you they are closed and to dispute the charge with the app. Poor service and false business hours advertising!"
This was the worst place that I have ever been to McDonald's is a joke. I remember when this place actually care about what they make, and since when did they take the pickles off the Hamburger
Rip off pricing. I seen this first mc Donald try to charge 3 dollar for plain biscuit and they said they don't have egg biscuit key person try to rip off people by saying it depend on owner how they charge. Is this Mc Donald? They might have to change name Rip off Donald
They used to take EBT here, and now they don't.  If they got the EBT machine back in there, I'd probably bump the review up to 3 stars, but they also got my order wrong today, and I've seen them treat local transients pretty poorly.  Even one guy who said he offered to buy a homeless man food without being prompted and stated that the staff kicked the homeless guy out because they thought he asked the man for the food and he said that he left and refuses to go back.
This is the only McDonald franchise that charges CHOCOLATE MILK that is supposed to be included in the happy meal! Their manager told me that they only give SODA! When did kids start to drink soda?
Just like Jack in the Box they let u dine in off a uber eats order . it makes it so much more helpful
Two stars just for the brand, but let me be real here, the staff needs training in this location. Customer service not good! Every time when I go there is a long wait, I'm talking about waiting over 20 minutes or more to get your order, and the bad thing is there is not a lot of customers to have this long wait. Maybe they are always cooking everything from scratch ? I almost forgot to mention the funny part, one day I was a hurry and could not stop my scooter, so I went to the drive through and the lady told me on the speaker "mamm please come inside, we do not serve people on scooters on drive through !! I was so upset and could not find a place to lock my scooter and I gave up on the whole mac thing, I just go there because my daughter likes to eat Md.!   You can also find some homeless and  junkies from the beach gathering inside to use restrooms.  Maybe just because is the beach area I suppose !
"Noise and dirty place.
BIP BIP BIP constantly.
The cookers also clean the toilets.
The Sistem twice a month doesn't work.
Long time for order meal."
This is the cleanest McDonald's I have ever been in. I normally won't review fast food places, but when I use the restroom at this location it was absolutely sparkling there was also a schedule on the door on the way out that showed when and who cleaned the restroom last I appreciate it that. The food was typical McDonald's good but probably unhealthy. :-)
Not bad was happy to have this sometimes you have to have something from home.  Was constantly good in texas and in san diego
They don't take ebt there I was staving hungry at that time they were not so kind it was hard to walk from beach
Got my order right but for 20 nuggets I should have got at least 4 sauces :)
If you like waiting an hour for your food, this is the spot for you
Probably the worst McDonald's in the area. The crew is always slow. The service is never fast. The restrooms and dining are are sometimes dirty but that's because of the customers. Thank goodness they have kiosks to order food. I recommend ordering through the mobile app if possible. They're always busy. They'd get more stars if they improved their service first.
Terrible at the night. Staff is unfriendly and sometimes rude, when after 40 minutes of waiting, I asked where my order was, a guy named Gustavo just turned away and left.  They say that they have a lot of orders and few people.  Firstly, at least two people there only did what they went back and forth, but they could help other employees to speed up the process.  But my god, why should the service suffer from this?  Hire more people for the weekend.  Or did you not guess that people come to you on Saturday night? Supervisors need to conduct trainings for staff, otherwise they forgot how to communicate with customers and how the company makes money.  And in the end, where is your smile?  Or are the good old days of smiling gone?
Cold, stale, busy saturday night. Would love to get that 20 bucks back.
"Cashier said they
no longer take ebt card here. Bummer. I use to go here all the time because they did. Service is always good."
absolute s*** hole can't even get an iced coffee right. severely uneducated and highly overpaid
The drive through is a joke at night. They really got only 1 person working
BEWARE!!! Roaches! Calling health department. This place will be closed down. Handed my food and a roach was on the bag. I jump out walk in place is filthy. Night shift girl refused to refund. Owner contact me. I watched as your staff be disrespectful to others. Giving food out for free to groups of Mexican kids. Garbage everywhere inside and out. I am on vacation this week nothing but time will be making phone calls all week. Wrong person people.
Excellent experience. Went through the drive-thru and met the kindest employee James. Now let me tell you about James. He was humorous and really made my McDonalds experience one to remember. He made us laugh unexpectedly which was quite a nice surprise. 10/10 would recommend befriending James as he is a wonderful and positive employee.
Being it was 5:00 a.m. in the morning I was hungry the work was there or so should I say one worker that took my order was not very awake and not too happy
If I could give this McDonald's Negative stars i would. Worst McDonald's ever, Really Bad Customer service, very dirty, and Homeless people sleeping inside on booths then sketchy people around,  The older Lady in the front taking orders was Very Rude and unfriendly. Will Never come back to this place.
The food is ok. But the food was also already sitting out.m. But the garbage is overflowing outside and the ground outside is filthy. The workers look overwhelmed and overworked. There's a lot of garbage hanging out of the container. The bathroom smelled like it was cleaned with a dirty mop and pee. The woman at the counter was polite and nice. She makes this review higher than the one star this McDonald's deserves.
"Good deals on their app. No restroom available, not good for paying customers. Service is somewhat friendly, they laugh a lot, not that's it's bad but a lot of extra laughter makes you wonder what's so super funny? I wanna laugh too! ;)
Ordered a large iced coffee,  was a good value but my idea of extra ice is different than theirs.  Other McDonald's I was able to do the pumpkin spiced coffee with the deal/ coupon but not here,  oh well can't beat a large ice coffee for 99 cents + tax."
The courtesy and politeness of the staff is excellent  
Long waits. I guess is not a drive thru anymore. Faster service if you walk inside
Seriously, this McDonald's is the WORST I've ever seen! Advertise themselves as being 24/7, but are always closed when I go at night. The staff is rude, and I'm always waiting for what seems like forever (usually 20+ minutes). The worst part about this place is that they consistently screw up EVERY order. Hell, half my order will be missing (like it was just now), and they'll flat out REFUSE to fix it.
Food is poor...service is bad...long wait for food
"Unbelievable that everyone else has the same complaint as me...they never get the order right.

Tonight, I realized that they forgot an item after coming home with food for the family. I first tried to call just to get reimbursed...but no one answered the phone.

Then I decided to drive back for a refund while the rest of my food went cold on my dining room table. When I got to the drive thru, I politely asked for a refund for the item they forgot.

Having worked in the food industry myself in the past, the service was awful. For the sheer inconvenience, they should have refunded me and at least offered the missing item to me free of charge. However, all that was given was a refund...not even an apology to go along with it.

Terrible service along with the terrible cold food that I then had to go eat at home (thanks to my having to drive back for a refund).

Mistakes can happen but not as often as they happen here. Do yourselves a favor and avoid this location!!!"
Twice I ordered iced coffee from this location. Both times the iced coffee tasted horrible. That   s my last time going to that place. They really need to get t
Location a bit of an inconvenience, service could have been better. Cashier was slow, did not ring up my order  correctly, had on gloves and was touching his hat, money, pulled his phone out of his pocket several times and was handling food.... this is not sanitary! Not happy at the fact that we waited for 15 minutes for 3 large fries as we watched the drive thru serve 8 other orders before ours, and we were the only customers inside at the time.... Having worked for mcdonalds in the past, I know for a FACT it takes just a little over 2 minutes to fry a full basket of fries (which leads 3 large fries). And if they had 3 baskets down at once (which they did) then there should be no reason to have had us wait for so long. Will not return to this location!
"I've been here many times, usually after midnight as I work late. Recently, the majority of the times I've gone through the drive through they say that they're closed, but when I ask what their hours are they say ""oh we're just closed for an hour""- this has happened to me at 2am last night, 4am last week, etc.

My issue is with the restaurant claiming to be open 24h even though it definitely isn't."
This is the most disorganized Mc Donalds I have been to in my life. They are the slowest, most unprofessional and disrespectful one that I have ever seen. I live at the corner, so I did not have a single experience. It was multiple ones, and it is always the same terrible service. Once I had to wait 30 minutes for a simple and 'should be quick' coffee. But the last time I went there was the worst. I stayed around 20 minutes in the counter and nobody was capable to ask me if was in need of something. I was picking an order up, which took me almost 1 hour (20 minutes until somebody talked to me + 30 minutes waiting for the food). They are just always so messy that from now on every time I want to eat a burger, I consider first going to Wendy's or Jack in the Box, or another Mc Donalds store... not this one anymore
We are visiting from out of state and have eaten here several times. Highly recommend ordering at the kiosk as it takes a while for a cashier to take your order.
Lobby closed early and would not take our order in the drive through even though we were paying customers, clearly displaying their classism as we did not have a car. Encouraged two inebriated individuals in front of us to come back with in car (recommended getting a DUI).
Slowest fast food ever
Had to buy a coffee to ask for the bathroom only to be told "it's closed. We're only open for take out" even though I walked into the restaurant. No amount of pleading would make the cashier budge on what to me was urgent. The standard answer of the age for any garbage policy today is "Covid".
I've never had so many orders be wrong in my life. I just tested 5 different orders over 5 days, all didn't times if day, yes I get board easily, and not a single one was right. Not little stuff like napkins, but like burgers, fries, and drinks missing. Yesterday it was a mc flurry. Before asking for it directly, I even asked (knowing they forgot it) "am I missing anything" and got a "nope, you're good, have a nice day" well, at least it was with a smile...
They lie saying they are closed to not prepare your order
One of the better McDonald's locations! Clean; with friendly helpful staff; and even got all my orders all correct. Drive through can be a little slow, but its a smaller location and the staff actually does a good job making the orders!
The drivethru line at this location is, had been, and will always be broken. Dont ask me why, because i do not know. Maybe it is because the 3rd window is rarely used. Idk, but go inside if you have a small order as its faster to go to a register. Check your order when they are super busy as they give you a diet, or another order on occasion. Otherwise my favorite place to get a large coke, for $1$.
Good place, and good location. But staff needs training. Some workers are very very slow, and you can tell that they are not familiar with the menu and point of sale machines. It took them 15 minutes to make my caramel macchiato. Hopefully it will improve over time.
Love the sausage egg and cheese McGriddle  
This McDonald's was and normally is always very fast and my orders always correct. The only thing is the past few times I've been my chicken sandwich was not good at all and the French fries were not fresh but then pumpkin and holiday pies were the best!!! The staff is always nice tho. You can't dine in or done on their patio. You can't use their restrooms either. They do wear face masks and require you to wear one when going inside the establishment. They're 24hours in their drive thru.. not exactly sure about going inside to     because the last time I went inside to order I was there around 9pm and they were still open for togo orders. Breakfast hours are Monday thru Sunday starting at 4am. Monday t
Generally you know what you're getting when you go to a McDonald's drive thru, but not at this location! Burgers were messy and not stacked properly, fries were almost inedible - soggy and barely room temp. Hard pass, go somewhere else.
This place is a total wreck most of the time. This is an extremely busy location and I've been going here for years as a customer and also as a delivery driver and it's astonishing that pandemic or not, they still have the same issues. They are never prepared to maintain the volume of business. You often have to repeat yourself multiple times when communicating with the staff. If you go at night (particularly late-night) there's likely to be a long line in drive-thru or inside. They regularly claim their "system is down" and so are unable to accommodate you. It's completely upsurd. I don't understand how any establishment can think that this mode of operation is acceptable. Other than that, typical McDonald's.
"Been to this location 5 times now and have NEVER had a good experience. The first two times I waited 30 minutes with only a couple of cars in front of me the first time and NONE in front of me the 2nd. The first time was so bad that the whole line of cars were honking and going over the curbs to get out of line. These people take FOREVER and are rude as hell. Not sure if they need new management or a whole new workforce but this place is AWFUL.

Let "
I visit this Restaurant quite often, and the staff is pretty nice and they always give me an excellent service, but I can   t say the same about the manager (Valentina) she is very rude with the staff , pretty disrespectful when she talks to them and she don   t care to do that in front of the customers, and she was not nice with me and with the other two customers who were there.  She rolled her eyes while she was taking th
Customer service is horrible. Food is disgusting and I love McDonald's but this one ain't it.
"First off, no wait...
Secondly, Fabiola was super nice.....
Finally......The McRibken!!!!

#doit"
I   ve lived next to this McDonald   s for over 10 years and never go in because of the overwhelming number of vagrants in and around the building.  I have two kids now and they of course like McDonald   s.  They recently renovated it so I was optimistic and took them in there for breakfast.  Right away there was a bum outside the door yelling to himself and when we walked in there was another one lying on the ground next to the tables.  I went back a month later for happy meals and the kids wanted to eat there.  All the tables and floors were dirty and they still had bums outside and in.  While we were waiting for the food a homeless guy wanted to use the bathroom but there was a lock on it. When he asked a worker they said it was for customers only and the homeless guy started  only a block from my house.
I have traveled all across the world..I have eaten at McDonald's in the UK, Japan, Mexico and across America. The McDonald's at 1121 Garnet Ave in Pacific Beach has to be the very worst Mcdonald's ever! This reflects on the managers and poorly trained staff. The staff is very rude and incompetent. I now travel to the other Mcdonald's on 4711 Mission Bay Dr. The staff are polite, well trained and food is always hot fresh and up to Mcdonald's standard quality.
I waited in line for an extremely long time. There is no way to exit the drive thru while in line especially if there is an emergency. Customer service was terrible- no greeting when I pulled to the speaker box and when I paid (with quarters- it's annoying I know, but it's still money and not pennies) the cashier grumbled about it.
Fresh fries and nuggets. Better than the one in Pacific beach. Shame no dine in. Only take out. Bathroom is closed to public.
Ordered online and waited 5 mins to pick up the food. Waited around 10 more mins once I got there and had to politely deal with the wasted day drinkers that I was trying to avoid by ordering online. Food was what you'd expect from McDonald's. All in all 3 stars was definitely rounding up. On a positive note, I would say that the inside was much nicer than what I remember them looking like when I was a youngster. Big props for the solar panels in the parking lot.
"I   m a healthcare worker. I went through the drive-through today to get my thank you meal. The person at the first window looked at my ID and said is that really you? I just think that   s rude for her to say that in her tone of voice is though I had someone else   s ID.
The second window was another shocker. The manager was working the the food serv"
I mean it's McDonald's right? You know what to expect from the food which is both a plus and a minus. However at this particular McDonald's right on Garnet in Pacific Beach they are undergoing Construction. It seems like a complete redo the outside and some of the guest areas as well. It's a mess and noisy but does not look like any RI modeling of the kitchen area is being done. That makes me wonder why this has become the worst drive-through around even before the construction. Two cars in front of me still waited almost 10 minutes. Isn't that a lot from McDonald's? Or foremost drive-thrus these days it seems to be way too much time. Now I'm not just saying this because of today's visit this is been the case at this McDonald's now for the past couple of months. Maybe it's short-handed help but that would only be an excuse for once in awhile. Anyway not a great experience but probably should be eating elsewhere anyway.
Physically waited in line for a hour while the drive thru and uber eats received seniority. Most had already walked away after placing an order with random folks taking what they can get unchecked as the attendants stopped caring after the first 10 minutes. Please close this location as it is no longer viable
I went for an ice cream cone and it's always sketchy. A lot of times they don't have ice cream. This time they were cleaning the machine in the middle of the day. That's just stupid. No ice cream cones or milkshakes or any other ice cream products McDonald's is known for this though. Not just this one. I don't eat their food because most of it sucks.
Horrible absolutely Horrible! Never will I eat at this mcdonalds! I live in North County and I never had horrible service like I did today. Very slow staff... Angry managers! Very understaffed. They messed up a lot of orders back to back. There was a lot of people waiting for their order. They messed up my order twice and it took them forever to replace my order. There is homeless people here panhandling. Management is absolutely awful! They would never let a place like this run in North County... I expected more from this place. Worst experience ever. The staff had horrible attitudes. 10 min later I got diahrrea.... idk what they put in my food but definitely not coming back.
Worst McDonald   s I have ever been too. The service is long AF, 10 minutes to have our order taken and it was a nightmare because the cashier didn   t understand anything. 20 minutes later we got our food thrown in 
The food was as expected and the building new. However I gave 5 stars for the employee that I saw buy a older homeless women coffee with his own money. He brought the lady the coffee and explained "you cant just hang out in here, but you can drink ur coffee as long as youd like". This event made my 9$ dinner priceless
I wanted to use the app to redeem a free kids meal with a kids meal purchase. I asked if they take coupons from the app and the woman said no. Then I asked why not and she said she didn't know. I should have asked for a manager but I didn't. When I went to pick up my order I did ask the manager and he said they do take the coupons from the app. I told him the cashier said they didn't so I was not able to use my coupon. The manager looked at her like he was annoyed and told her she should have asked if she didn't know. Then they talked in spanish and started laughing with each other.
Didn't take very long to get food, but the person taking my order didn't speak a single word of English so she had to ask for help for everything I said. She was being trained at the same time but couldn't even talk to me. I understand Spanish is needed sometimes especially in Southern California, but when it's busy and you're the only one working the register and the main language is English, what are you going to do. What's really going to happen is you're going to restrict what your customers are able to order. I order the same thing every time I decide to come to McDonalds so I have no complaints about the food, but this time it compelled me to write a review. Was an uncomfortable situation today.
I just had a hot fudge sundae and a soda. It was a very hot day and it hit the spot. There was air conditioning inside!
"As always the service is slow,  its a busy spot, i get it. Today the # s were way past mine, now i have to stand in line, because i was told just a minute several times to find out about my order....now i just want my money back not hungry anymore. The Sup. Did fix the problem though i dont know what was said. ( i still only speak our official language) 36 minutes later out the door with an "" i appolagize""

update: Avoid this place! Didn't think it possible it could get slower, dirtier or more Dangerous. WOW.
My Bad.       "
Almost didn't even get to order half our or cuz they told us to pull up to the second window before my bf got to order what he wanted. We asked for sweet & sour, only got BBQ & Ranch. We didn't get straws. And the fries we got we're stale. When we tried to call back to try & get a refund it went to a fax machine. Wasn't even busy at the time.
Even though they renovated this place a few months ago, the homeless still call this place home. I cant ever sit inside without hearing screaming or seeing someone passed out on the floor outside. And the last few times i had to inquire about my order because they forgot about it. If anything, go through drive thru
It's clean. But you have to get a token to use the bathroom :p
Staff were arguing amongst themselves whether who does what. Managers were indifferent to employees and with customers. Ordered two Happy Meals and a McFlurry and about 6 customers after I ordered, received their orders before me. We waited around 20 minutes or more. The McFlurry was supposed to be the Stroopwafel and there was hardly any in it, it was 99% vanilla ice cream.
Very clean place & polite employees BUT they did not get our order right. It was morning approx 8:00 am. Not many people in the restaurant at the time we ordered. We asked for ed gi white elites with real bacon. Our orders were regular egg mcmuffins with Canadian bacon.
This location is horrible. I ordered at the kiosk and I got a locator for my table, that clearly stated that I can, "sit down and relax" and the food will be taken to me. That did not happen. They were yelling my number over and over and even made eye contact with me and clearly saw the locator on my table and still didn't bring me my food. When I asked why I was given a locator for my table, the manager simply responded, "We don't do that here." Workers were not polite at all. The women's bathroom had no toilet paper. I had to wipe with a toilet seat cover!
This is the worst customer service I have ever experienced. We have stopped a few times and the greeting I get is always, "what do you want" I say hello, thankyou, and have a good day at the window and they basically throw my food at me. Sadly, the only nice person, has told me, " sorry for the wait, we don't have enough workers."
Gross.  Trash overflowing.  Really bad. McDonald's Corp should refund my money.  Pay bathrooms were a nice touch.  Obviously, there is a problem with the homeless.  Here is a solution...HIRE the homeless... This McDonald's needs all the help it can get!
This place is absolutely Epic! I know this probably isn't the first time I've praised wonderful good old-fashioned McDonald's, but they never stop putting smiles on my face! Today I was overly stressed cuz I have too much going on and I forgot to mention that I wanted my cheeseburgers plain of course I remember seconds after they had me my completed order ... without any hesitation they take those two covered in sauce throw them in the trash and make me to fresh ones the way I like it! Wham bam thank you ma'am I'll see you soon!
It is a very clean and recently revamped McDonald's but beware taking your kids here, as outside is, well a cockroach infested wonderland full of PB's finest citizens. That's all this Review gets. Use the drive through you wouldn't want to catch Hep.-C on your way to wash your hands!!!
Not a safe McDonald's to enjoy your meals! The interior of the restaurant is a hang out for the homeless.  They use restrooms to use drugs and they're rude to customers.  The staff are told daily about this problem and nothing is done. The staff are helpful and friendly and make deliscous food items.
Very efficient drive through staff. Great fries as well. The inside however is very Spartan and not clean. You also have to pay to use the bathroom! See my photo. What the what....
Workers very nice but when we ordered at window, as we drove off it was changed from Big Macs to quarter pounders.  I said something when I paid and he corrected it.... got to window and he handed me the bag, they were quarter pounders.  Just took a long time and everything was wrong.
Hands down the worst McDonald   s I   ve ever been to. The staff
"I've been going to this McDonalds since 1995 when I was a kid.  The service here is horrible    I ordered a hot tea at the drive thru and the kid at the window was extremely rude.   He opened the window and said ""its $1.83.""  When I asked for an extra cup and some honey he rolled his eyes as if I was asking for way to much.
I know its McDonalds and you cant expect exceptional service but dont make it so obvious that you're being rude on purpose."
This place is awesome it lets us Uber drivers use the restroom and we can take a break inside any time. Got some cheeseburgers earlier today and a large diet Coke everything for under 4 bucks. The manager there just needs to smile a little more!
Service was subpar today. Food was bland and warm at best. Cashiers treated us like we were an inconvenience. Reminds us why we don't go to this location even though it's easier to drive to
Slowest McDonald   s I have ever been to. On a Friday morning just around 12:30 am, there was 5 cars in front of me. It took them over  30 minutes to get to me. This is unbelievable, I h
How is it possible for a McDonalds to be this bad!!  I have lived in PB for almost 20 years and this location has NEVER gotten an order right. Truly unbelievable
Donald's app is the app that keeps on giving and their mobile ordering is awesome I just barely had any money left for food the other day pull up into one of their new mobile ordering parking spots turn on the location in the phone to see what deals they going to throw at me couple bucks left on my card all of a sudden buy anything on the menu get a free sandwich mobile order only I bought myself a small shake for $2 I got one of those Artisan Chef burgers for 6 bucks my total $2.16 I was able to have a meal with what I had and that burger was delicious I didn't even have to get out of my truck I wasn't feeling so well and they brought it out to that parking spot promptly and it was hot and fresh awesome I'm loving it
Manager on duty Ignacio extremely hostile and rude. I am an Uber driver and I have visited this location two weekends in a row. It is a very busy location on Saturday evenings. On my first visit I went to the drive-thru and ordered $10 worth of food and then parked and ran inside to ask to use the restroom he told me I had to pay a quarter. I then explain to him that I just had come through the drive-thru and I was a customer he said oh well.. you have to pay a quarter. On my second visit one week later I walked in ordered a coffee and politely asked him for a token for the restroom, Ignacio appeared to become upset by my request so much so, that he actually tossed it at me hard enough for it to bounce off the counter and land on the floor. He did not apologize...he just walked off.I feel he should be reprimanded for his blatant disrespect and rude Behavior towards paying customers. If this location is too much for him to handle maybe he should transfer somewhere else. I will never return to this McDonald's again as long as the manager Ignacio is in charge.
Quarter Pounder was actually missing the meat patty. French fries tasted like they were cooked last week. Still took 15 minutes in the drive through with only one other car.
Drive thru is usually pretty fast. Always love the sausage muffins without egg. Getting there can be a pain. Has to be from West Mission Dr heading North, or Balboa heading West or East to West Mission Bay Dr turn North. But doesn   
Currently there is no reason to mantein the restroom closed. These guys are taking advantage of the initial restrictions when the COVID-19 pandemic started to avoid making the bathroom easier for costumers. Other McDonald's in San Diego have already opened their bathrooms to the public and like most restaurants in SD.
"Chips were not hot and staff seemed too busy to talk when I tried to get condiments. There was a few customers but the bag was basically thrown at you and then you were never looked at again.

Edit: I've since been back and my friend had to wait 10minutes for a Coke. They then tried to claim they'd called it (when they had clearly forgotten about it as it was sitting on the drinks machine with no lid). Not sure what the management of the place is like but they'd want to change something. Staff are awful and rude."
I have been here several times after 1am - 3am and there are no employees anywhere. Doors and drive thru shutdown. 24 hours on some days but not every day. Take your chance.Roll the dice. It is good exercise walking there and back.
stuck in the drive thru over 25 minutes (cars in front and behind us) and they had no drinks available. put a huge damper on the vacation. employees were clearly irritated and rude. by far the worst McDonald's experience ever.
Absolutely garbage, was rushed while placing the order then the girl at the window was talking with someone for 10 minutes who cut in line at the drive through and they didn   t even order anything!!! without a mask on whi
McDonald's generally sucks out loud. This one is even worse. I don't think the drive thru has ever gotten an order correct. They're constantly running out of staple items i.e. they don't have fries at the ready or the shake machine is busted. If that's not bad enough, it's a hang out for the local homeless. And not decent homeless...the methed out violent type.
They messed up our order on two different occasions in the drive thru. I do appreciate the enthusiasm they have, I also just want my order right.
Food was good. Service staff was clueless. Watched 3 orders get served ahead of me, all 3 were wrong in some way. All 3 had to ask for drink. Many minutes of clueless staring at order screens trying to figure it out. They gave me an extra sandwich i didn't order.
Disgusting there was a customer who walked up to the counter and said his big mac was cold. The manager traded the burger with another and put the one the customer brought BACK in the hot warmer to resell. An employee asked her if she should throw it away the manager told her no, it's ok. GROSS
Very nice stablishment. Just got remodeled and it also has a big parking lot. It has restrooms accesible with a quarter or a coin obtained from the cashier. They always habe everything that is served on the menu (except ice cream). The service is very good and most of the people in there speak Spanish, so it is a plus for those who don't speak English.
"You need a coin to access the restroom, if you come late at night on the weekend, you take your chances running into drunk frat boys or girls, tourists who don't know how to wait their turn and homeless folks.
The entire crew was Spanish speaking, not a problem for me but apparently the frat boys were having none of it, they were rude and ignorant."
The staff charged for the wrong meal and never offered to reimburse the difference.  One of my kids asked for yogurt she gave apple.  One of the drinks was supposed to be lemonade she gave sprite.  The bun was hard and stale tasting on my sandwich.  My entire food was cold.
Gabby one of the supervisors, she is very very rude she was working  the early morning shift she is ride over the speaker and ruder in person. She doesn't be quite and let you talk and just keeps going and going not a people person I've told everyone i know not to go to McDonalds on Garnet in pacific beach cuz this lady is nasty.
It took placing my order three times before the staff understood what I wanted.  The food still came out wrong.  The tea was sour and the staff couldn't understand what that means.
The  food is turning out to be really low quality. It tastes different & doesn't even chew the same! I don't know what's going on with mc-d's. The one time I don't want ice cream~guess what~ the machine works... i used to love them until the huge down grade on service from many of the uncaring employees to never having ice cream... *of coarse there are many caring employees too, yes!* Btw the breakfast burritos are so dry and very hard t
"I ordered to go nothing was right in my order
Cold fries cold food no sauce with the nuggets!!!!!"
Worst McDonald   s I have ever been to. Always something wrong with our order and it takes twice as long as any McDonald ½
Food slow and inaccurate often. A lot of homeless/riff-raff hanging out front. Inside and Outside seating. Low food quality. Okay for a late night snack, but not good for Monday morning rush hour.
Scarry ace to be too many homeless hanging outside didn't feel safe
You might get food, you might not. You might wait 20 min, you might wait 45 min. Worst managed McDonald's of all time  
lol I stand there for like 30s and that fat cashier definitely saw me there, but she didn   t even bother to look at me and focusing on
Terrible quality food, my smoothie tasted like pure coconut oil, the iced coffee was poorly made, and they constantly forgot the condiments. At least the hash browns were good.
Being this particular McDonald's is close to the beach, one should come    to expect that service would be more efficient. Not this one. Ray Kroc would be rolling in his grave if he saw this.The cheese on my  sausage McMuffin seems plastic also wait, Luke warm coffee, & attitude to go with it! There seems to be lots of friction between them and some some of the clients that come in there namely the homeless . Not all but some of the staff  was extremely rude to them refusing them service and treating them subhuman. Shame on the manager, .I have been raised on Mc D
Food was hot and good but they don't know the difference in honey vs honey mustard. The employee said he would be right back with the  ½ï¿
There is absolutely nothing happy, healthy or family-friendly about chicken abuse. Until McDonald   s commits to stronger welfare standards fo
Well, I   ve been here a lot of times but this is the last time. The service is bad, the wait time is not even close to be  ½fast food standards (
This Micky Ds was the best ive been to since 1985. Seriously. Clean, friendly, no snotty workers. I ACTUALY got napkins IN my bag between my meals. I dont rate Mcdonalds ever because its simply a fast food place but these guys were an old standard brought to 2018. Thx :)
"Worst service ever at a McDonald's.
People waiting to order and the manager and crew wouldn't even look at us or tell us to wait. After ordering I had to ask for my food, they just left it there on top of the fryer."
5 stars because the girl at drive thru is ridiculously cute ( ;   Hmu @home_grownz
Getting better with service!  Nice people.
Like others have said, l get home with my order and someone doesn't get to eat because they shorted my order. Quality control doesn't exist at this place.
Its basically a 24 hour homeless shelter that serves food & takes food stamp ebt card. Usually several parking spots are congregations of homeless and their gear. Its always like this as McDonald's allows it. Not the safest place. If you must use the drive thru only.
VERY Rude gentleman that works at McDonald's.  Shorted me of my food 2 times in a row. Very bad attitude!!!
While using kiosk, it made many selections for me I did not choose. Had to delete many things from order, got frustrated and just put it in. It was too busy at the counter for the personnel to answer my question, she informed me there were customers in front of me. Being hungry and tired, this was more frustrating than it should have been
They accept EBT in the drive thru which is great! Although they got my order wrong and the drink wrong but quickly fixed it with no fuss. It's about what you expect from any ol Mickey D's
Very slow service beside expected business during the late night. I would not recommend if you would like to get your food quickly during late night weekends. It is as if they do not prepare for the late night rush.
Back in the day Mickey D's commanded the overall burger experience. But these days their menu is bland. Number 3 on my list.
The staff has to constantly deal with the homeless community that is always loitering around this place. The McDonald's restaurant is clean and the food is up to par, but the environment could be better.
Definitely the worst McDonald's I have been to in over a decade. Not just slow, but yelling at customers, arguing with everyone, people waiting everywhere, sounding like utensils dropping in the kitchen, etc.
Four stars only because it's open 24 hours (not just the drive thru) and is one of the few late night bathroom options for Lyft and Uber drivers.  Popular with the homeless crowd for the same reason though and it's still a McDonald's, eat at your own risk.
Not open 24 hours -_- they said they close from 2 am - 6 am even the drive-thru but they will serve people ordering on food delivery apps? Didn't make much sense to me when they are supposed to be open 24 hours and still make food for delivery orders
Newly remodeled outside of store. Looks great. Fast drive through. Sometimes there are too many homeless hanging around in or outside the parking lot.
Poor hygiene, no hand sanitizer, no toilet paper, dirty tables. The kiosk didn ½ï
Every Time I   m here it   s takes about 15 minutes to get through the drive thru. It do
The Wor st Mc Donalds I have ever visited! They hate Americans and make jokes about customers in mexican (not Spanish) to each other behind the counter ... Dont eat here. There are many great Mc Donald's close by who treat you with respect. Starbucks coffee is close by and a better value too.
The burger was nice
This place need to get more intelligent people as this staff treating the customers as objects or robots. They are blinded in a way you can 
Repeated my order 3 times, at the drive thru speaker, then again when I paid. They still got it wrong and sent me to the waiting area. How hard is it to get a #1 without onions and pickles?
A fairly typical McDs.  Have all the favorites but unfortunately the place is usually not to clean.  There's a bit of a dirty crowd that hangs out there.  I'll let you figure that one out for yourself but I wouldn't bring my family there...
Ordered mcchicken got 2 McDonald's. Lady couldn't speak English or understand what I wanted. Couldn't read my order back. Sweet tea was  
Unfortunately I can   t put zero stars but if I c
It's a McDonald's, quick cheep place to eat.
It's Mc Donald's what do you expect? But it took three times to get a half cut tea. And someone I was with once got a Happy meal there and they forgot to put the hamburger in. So....
I just have one problem if it   s 24hr for drive thru only could you please put hours your open in dining so I can get my food too cause I don ½
"My posts are going to start showing a lot of a "" one man protest"" for a while. I will continue these actions until I receive an apology from this story or until I get some backing..
This McDonald's restaurant continues to mistreat the poor and destitute.
1) requiring some to take their food to go
2) some they charge for a restroom token even after they paid for food and or drink
3) 30 minute time limit for the ones they choose to alow to eat in ONLY ENFORCED FOR THE POOR.
4) will not ask ""for here or to go"""
Allways I had good experiences it is my favorite place to be all the time great people many cultures good food they cook very well and clean
Much better now that they remodeled it. It used to have that feeling of homeless feeder, but not anymore. It ½
Good food good attitudes of the employees only downside is the main lobby floor was very sticky almost to the point of me walking out of my sandles.
Inflation is really hitting americans.
It was smooth. Fries were fresh. Shake was on point. This location is a good one. Location by my house is trash.  Lol
Horrible! They ignored us completely .. Just standing there for like 15 minutes and even asked the lady if they where open , she only turned and nodded. Bad bad service.rude! No people skills at all.
Placed all three meals on Doordash and they messed up my meal and they won   t refund my money nor my meal. They gave my dad and mine meal and 
The worse mcdonalds in America and absolutely heart breaking the way they treat homeless people. All Hispanic crew so you would think being immigrants fighting Trump they would be more sympathetic
The Pacific Beach McDonald's is okay if you don't mind extremely packed places..... mostly young drunks/clubgoers, but otherwise an okay McDonald's. Expect long waits just because of the sheer amount of customers. Then again, almost anything beats the doldrums of the UCSD McDonald's. ½ï¿
It's Mcdonalds so you know what you gonna get for the most part.  The food here is a little below usual Mcdonalds.  You never get super fresh food.  The staff is typically disorganized and thee is usually people outside bumming money
If I could give it zero stars I would waited an hour for my meal in the drive-through
Waiting time is way to long!!! Had to wait for about 30 minutes for my food. Thats not what i expect from this fast food chain!!
The fries were cold and hard the only bright spot was the drink
"I know McDonalds is not a gourmet sandwich
But I got a crispy chicken that was chicken and bread. Nothing else. A chicken in a dry bun ½ï"
It's not open 24 hours anymore.. Closes about 2pm and reopens at 5am.. Place has gotten better since remodel but still has some issues like it always seems short staffed, worthless bums still using drugs in the restroom and vagrants loitering outside..
Please be sure to check your order before leaving!!! Took them 3 times to get the order fixed, and I had only ordered 3 regular meals  
Great for a late night snack. However, there needs to be more workers at night as it seems there are long wait times for food during the late night hours.
This place sucks, horrible customer service and restaurant not available all the time!!
Bad customer  service
They had only one person workig the counter last night about 7:30. She wouldn't take a order until the one she was working on was filled.  It took for ever.
Nothing fancy... it was my first time in that area when i stopped there to get some coffee. Their bathroom has a coin operated lock which gave me an impression that it's a bad neighborhood.
Pretty outdated as far as McDonald's are concerned and often has a not so family friendly types of customers inside. Food however is consistent with all other locations
Decent enough McDonalds.  There can be a rough crowd at times.  But that's PB for you.  Not the cleanest either.  But they have some special challenges in this area.
Nice clean McDonald's with a friendly staff and great location! Check out the McDonald's app for their free holiday items with $1 purchase!
Like a time capsule. Older respectable adults running the place and food packed in such a way perfect with napkins, it was like 1982 all over again. Thx guys wow. (I just gave 5 stars to Mc-Ds lol smh)
This place is horrible do not ever ever eat at this location. It took 20 minutes for 2 ice coffee's and the managers never even acknowlege that we were waiting.
This location wasn't even packed when I pulled into the drive thru. They forgot my fries and didn't put in barbeque sauce . The food wasn't even warm after it was handed to me.
The people that work here are very rude. I am super polite to them and they are still rude
Torally F****d up and very horrible place. ordered something and got something else horrible. very bad service and the cleanliness is worst. The worst McDonalds I've visited till date.
It was in the middle of being renovated, but the and food was worse than usual. I would recommend staying away until renovations are done, and then give them a chance.
THERE IS A MANAGER THERE CALLED GABRIEL WHO HERASES THE CUSTOMERS TO NO END. I FINALLY SAID SOMETHING. THE NEXT TIME I WENT THROUGH THE DRIVE THOUGH SHE LOOKED AT ME. HER CHEEKS WERE RED WITH A SMERK ON HER FACE. WHEN I REACHED MY DESTINATION. I FOUND GABRIEL TOOK A BITE OUT OF MY TRIPLE CHEESE BURGER. I COULDN'T BELIEVE IT. WHAT A LOW LIFE. I'M DONE WITH MCDONALD'S. THAT WAS THE LAST STRAW. THERE ARE SO MANY BETTER PLACES TO BUY A HAMBURGER. IN PACIFIC BEACH ON GARNET.
Probably one of the slowest mc donalds in US
Staff attitude is poor. They won't let my son to use their bathroom although we made a purchase there.
This may possibly be the worst McDonald's in San Diego. They are slow as all hell, mess up orders on the regular and are generally just hard to deal with. Avoid this one AT ALL COSTS
I asked for fresh fries and nuggets. They were not fresh and I did not receive any sauce. This place is terrible.
Place seems dangerous.  Dining room closed.  Lady at counter was very nice though and the food was well prepared!
This McDonald's is really great, they are always friendly and helpful, never have had a problem, and people comments on the homeless here but it has never been a problem and they usually stay outside, but homeless is a problem everywhere and they are human just like everyone who's putting them down
I wouldn't let my kid near the place, I'm not even comfortable going there an I'm 6'2 guy --they need to leave there sprinklers on AND close the patio after dark, to clear out the beggers
Worst McDonald's experience I've ever had.  They were so slow I wanted to bolt out the drive thru
Staff were helpful, outdoor seating is closed st this time. No eating on site or restrooms.
My experience of is this specific McDonalds according to Customer Service and Cleanliness of the restaurant tends to be on the lower tier of fast food restaurants around San Diego..
Every time I go into this mcdonalds my fries are cold and going through the drive thru they get my order wrong.  I will not visit this one ever again.
The staff has always be friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable about the stores products.  85-90% of the time the service is quick.
Not the best McDonalds but it's around the corner from my place.  Drive-thru speaker often has trouble with the order but everything usually comes out alright.
Awesome staff, fast food. Lots of homeless people around but they keep it classy
Service is slow, full of homeless people, its been 15 min for my food and im the only car is this specific mcdonalds thats like that
They are always late. Serve cold food. The afternoon shift people are the worst. Unprofessional and rude.
Always is very good option  for a quick bite
I ordered & paid  for a deluxe chicken sandwich  ½
I hope these people are high because if they're not they are awfully useless. I've lived here for one year and the service does not get any better
They got my order wrong three times. They over charged me. When I told them that they messed up they proceeded to say rude comments to each other in spanish.
Give it no stars I would these people cannot even get a cup of coffee right unbelievable and unacceptable I would never go there I would never eat there this place is the bottom of the barrel
I'm a nugget fan I really like McDonald's nuggets and fries and and a large strawberry shake om OMG
The staff barely speaks English, they never get your order right. Most of the time they're just downright rude. I wouldn't recommend this Macdonalds to anybody.
One of my favorite McDonald's, no complaint so far an they have a good Ice Coffee!!
Homeless were drunk wandering around the car's touching ours and inspecting it, people were sat outside shouting at the public abusing the area's spitting all over the place, the insides of the restaurant if it can even be called that were extremely dirty tables weren't clean flies were everywhere inside the building the orders were incorrect in multiple places, and the general experience was awful, DO NOT VISIT THIS MACDONALDS.
I've been in drive through line for 45 minutes. Line is not that long,  but very, very, very slow!
Food is has not been hot, only luke warm. Follow me on IG 77 Points Review.
The new quarter pounder burgers are awesome! Really fresh and tasty. ... Try them out!
Food was well-prepared and the place was very clean, but they keep everything on lock down, and you need to ask for refills.
McDonalds food is still disgusting.. Cost of all items has went up and the food tastes even worse.. Imagine that.. This McDonald's is all around from service, quality of food to cleanliness of the restaurant is horrible..
The lady at the drivethu WAS ABSOLUTELY WONDERFUL!!!  I wish she could be cloned for all my future customer service/sales to my consumer endeavors .
Employees were joking around talking bad about customers in spanish (customers were non spanish speakers) and orders were taking a long time to get served.
Nearlly always messes up some part of the order, and generally seem unhappy to work there.
Great drive thru staff. The girls on night shift are the best
Good standard here. I like that I can trust that the burgers and fries are good whenever I show up
What can I say? One more nice place for fast lunch!
most of the staff is tired of waiting on the same  transient people that congregate in that areq...So, you may hear some impolite bantering  between the staff  and customers . But everyone is chill that I've come across -
Clean your bathrooms
Lots of homeless people in the restaurant.  Made it uncomfortable.  The employees were awesome though and great service.
Every time I visit this location, they defer to the parking lot because they cant seem to get an order out in a reasonable amount of time. No matter how small the order is.
THIS MCDONALDS  HAS A LOT OF DISCRIMINATION.  30 MINUTES TO EAT and TIME TO GET OUT. IF THEY ARE BUSY YOU GET 2 MINUTES to eat  AND SECURITY  ASK YOU TO LEAVE.. THAT'S DISCRIMINATION
Long lines drive through & food was cold.
Waited half an hour to be served. Service is bad, guy who takes order didn't even listen to what customers said.
"McDonald's:: MIRA MESA BLvD@
WESMORE. Rd. 3:45pm.
QUICK SERVICE-HOT FOOD    ï¿½ï¿½"
The line was slow today, but the employees more than made up for it, they are great.
"Overall experience is decent and the tables are messy and too many homeless stay around there
P.s the worker Clemente is cute ï¿½ï¿½"
Great service, efficient, consistent good McDonald's here. Great job
If you're looking for meth then sink your teeth into a soft mcChicken, this is the place. Honestly tho, you can find better meth further west.
Awesome customer service and the only place that carries the strawberry creme pies. Lovely!!!
Super busy due to the santa parade but the staff handled it well.  We watched the parade from the patio
"It's still Mickey D's
Same food
Clean and quick service
I had to use a quarter to use the men's room"
Quick and clean. If you go inside you can customize your order on their automated order machines!
What happened to the Big Mac. Horrible patties were the size of a 50 cent piece.
As far as fast food goes this restaurant is nice, clean, and inviting. The staff is professional and friendly.
I don't think they cooked my quarter pounder while I waited. I watched them pull the meat out of a warming oven. Not what they advertised.
Bad service really bad they just dont care about their customers the guy didnt even ask what size drink we wanted
It was alright ice cream machine down as usual
Mcdonald's is always good but this one takes 30 minutes to get your order ready.
You have to pay for water and the drive through took 15 minutes. At least the ice cream machine worked?
Both the website and Google maps say 24 hours their lights were on people were inside but they were not serving I am a driver who was starving false advertisement
Staff is friendly but they almost always get something in the order wrong that has to be corrected, which they will do without issue.
Super slow. Been in the drive through for 20 minutes, not even that busy.
They have great coffee, but nuggets were below par
under staff. Took way too long to get our meals.
"This place sux, the staff is slow, not very friendly, and on garnet to.
For being a convince store as food joint. If fu*""I ng blows."
I have never been somewhere you have to pay to use the restroom     yes if you are a
Slowest fast food I ever purchased and the order was wrong......I timed it, was in line for over 17 minutes.
Orders took forever uber eats pick up cant stand the bew rude staff.
AVOID. They will mock you (not in English), laugh amongst themselves, and rudely serve you.
I could not set down and eat my kids meal because the tables were closed  
"Coffee was excellent and hash brown perfectly crisp.
Great way to start the day ï¿½ï¿½"
After order 15 minutes at midnight, no body show up at the payment window, I just left.
The absolute slowest service and homeless everywhere inside. I would never return to this store or advise anyone to come here
Slow customer service. He didn't know what he was doing. Never smiled. French fries had no salt on them.
Just unhappy rude people working at night.
I had to get my burger re made by the time it was re made my fries were cold and my party already finished their meal I probably won go back here horrible experience
If you want to ruin your Saturday night try their drive tru
It's just the best. And the staff put up with the worst kind of people, bless their hearts.
Great service which you don't always get from every McDonald's
This is by far the worst McDonald's. They have no pride in their work and the food is always horrible.
Great staff great deaLs if you use app they just added.2nd drive through
The slowest mcdonalds I've ever encountered, and the worst part was they got my order incorrect after having to wait that whole time...
Loving it....The app is great. Got some med fries and a drink.
worse,  dirty
When you're hungry you can't go wrong with a slider Donald's will always be your biggest bang for your buck
This McDonald's location is always surrounded by homeless people. Food quality also is not great.
Good service and friendly staff. Local pictures create a nice atmosphere
Meh. It's cheap breakfast. 2 for 4 bucks. It's a better deal when you're in California.
It's a McDonald's. Nothing wrong with it. Nothing Great either. Sometimes kinda busy both inside and out. Parking same. Eh.
"There aren   t any people working here
The place is so f"
Waiting 10 min per person. Unacceptable and ridiculous.
Long wait and they are charging for the fountain water
"HORRIBLE! EVERY weekend they are half staffed, and the wait is st least 20 minutes!
BRING. IN. MORE. EMPLOYEES!"
Best service at a McDonald ½ï¿½
Always Fast & Convenient ! But need to hand the customer HOT APPLE PIES !
Dirtiest McDonald's I've been too...horrible magement!!! Homeless people in the bath room, and management doesn't care
Depends on who's working, on whether you get good service or not.
Place was dirty, they served the wrong order. Food was cold and it took forever to order.
Great food and they have security who good at his job
Typical McDonalds but the people were nice last time i was here
Always good service overnight at this location, manager is on top of everything
Bad service, the fries and hamburgers were just bad. Seem like it was old food.
They always get my order wrong and it's really dirty in there and it takes forever to get your order
Great, loved the staff, true proud McDonalds employee's!!
They do not clean or stock the bathroom employees just sitting around eat here at your own risk
Nicely remodeled. Doors still open after Midnight on a Saturday night...
Gross food and always has bums on the outside. Mostly clean, but they even have bums just sitting inside.
BUGS IN THE ICE CUBES??!!! GROSS! I didn't even bother to go back in after i left, i threw the drink out and threw up.
McDonald's is gross. Shoddy craftsmanship
Good place but drive thru is sometime busy
The worst McDonald's which I ever met... After 20 minutes in the front line I could order any meal.
Yes its ok to let a customer who spent 40$ on old cold food use the restroom
Food was good but someone was doing drugs in the bathroom stall next to me.pretty sketchy
Service was fast and the associates were very nice.
Slow.process of any order ever not much staff also sllow moving as well.
Ok need new items for parents that are there for there for their children.  I don't want chicken nuggets  
The restaurant location is convenient but very pricey than other restaurants in the area.
Out of all carbonated drinks. This is Joe Biden ½ï¿½
Bad service... 30 minutes to get my order and it was incomplete
Drive thru was quick, food was hot and fresh.
Took over 5 minutes before they acknowledged I was there...
Ordered mcchicken biscuit. Got just a biscuit. Extremely annoying.
For fast food it is good food! clean restaurant and nice people!
they are nice and have cheeseburgers. 5 stars
Just got some drinks.  They were great. Thanks!
Always fast and food always made fresh!
Not because of the staff or food. Because it's understaffed. Too long a wait in lobby and drive thru.
Service is extremely slow and I once witnessed a homeless man deficating on one of the tables
Very good service, lady at window was super nice.
Love the bacon egg cheese mcgriddle coffee pretty strong
They always get the order wrong in some way always....
Was busy and service slow but opened late and food was standard
"Has been good
But yesterday they sucked"
Now after renovation place looks much better, than before.
30 minutes for a cheeseburger... sorry but I thought that I bought some Fast Food
Drive-In had some trouble with our order, but we finally got the right food
Don't know how that Mcdonald is still open .. Microphone not working  Literally waited 20 min to get a cheeseburger, no joke.
"A lot of homeless people that get dirty the place
You need pay for use restrooms even that homeless people gets them  dirty"
Fish-O-Fillet just love it
It was all bad. Manager and employee cussing and fussing on front of customers in Spanish. Very very poor customer
People are usually drunk here and the service people really dont like their jobs.
McRon's is always consistent. If you like it, then you like it.
They forgot to add sauces and ran out of napkins.  What restaurant runs out if napkins?
Food was not fresh and way more expensive than I thought.
Very convenient spot,  expect to wait forever on a weekend night.
The staff is very rude and they need more security there.
Hookers in the bathroom and people doing crack in the men's room. Great spot for a hep-c
0 stars took 15 minutes to get a couple cheeseburgers and chicken tenders and they forgot our chicken nuggets
Have been going to a McDonalds for decades. And all over the USA and Europe.  This is my local one.
Curbside took for ever.. I had to get down and claim my food.
Rude and disrespectfull with a child like demeanor.. not very friendly..
Their restroom could be cleaner. I don't like stepping on piss
Better not see how dirty staff.
Typical McDonald's. Pretty quick service, even when there is a line.
"Good food and service when I was there.
Chingon"
Waited at front for 5 minutes not greeted even though employee was there running around
Big Mac head extra sauce on it it was extra juicy and delicious
It's a fat food joint. Or fast, you decide.
Everything you'd expect from a McDonald's. I only use the drive through, can't comment on the inside.
Cold food and rude customer service never coming back
Worst McDonald's on the planet. Understaffed and slow for a high traffic area.
Service can be improved a little more
Slow service,got my order wrong..Not fast food
Drunk girls acting crazy on Saturday... but great service.
You have to have coins for the bathroom.  Love that they have solar.
Filet of fish, French fries snd a Sprite fantastic mesl good service
They give waste food to customer, don't ever visit this one ! Lazy employees !
A little tweeker hub right smack In utc
Slowest McDonald's I have ever been to! With few other customers
Every time I go through McDonald's my food is cold!
Filthy. Bathrooms are disgusting with toilets full, paper and water all over floor and stank.
Parking lot was far too small. Food was ok
Start delibertly took too long and treatdd us poorly
Great way to end a beautiful date night  
Fast pace and hard working McDonald's
I didn"t get order how dose it work
Clean, food is pretty good price perfect
How the hell do McDonalds close at 10:30pm shm... upset
Food was good service was slow under staffed
Worst service ever 15 min to get my food
Excellent service and nice people too.....Thank you
Horrible service, took ages to get my order
Very slow service at the drive thru
Too crowded, but they always make the food right.
Most of the time missing one or two prices of orders
The ice cream is fine... Not much else..
A little slow but you know drunk people need to eat too
New design for Mcdonalds very clean and friendly.
McRib and staff great. Fries cold.
The worst service Ronald ever admitted to owning. Get it together! And racist too!!
Told me to pull around and wait for order. They forgot about me! They weren't busy
Rude customer service, especially coming from the shift manager.
New building and new uniforms is very very nice now
It's a McDonald's. It's clean and there's homeless people but they don't seem to bother anyone.
This place has issues every other 3 rd time
Great service only got a drink
Terrible service, slow drive thru
Staff is surly and the place is always full of homeless people.
Broken menu
I ordered ice tea .It was like water no tea at all  
This place has horrible accuracy and dont care to answer the phone EVER.
Bathroom access & nice customer service.
2 for 5
Soggy fries... old bun.. cold burger....  ½ï¿½
Big place... Busy. Good for big groups.
Was tired an it's close to home, very reasonably priced!!
Clean friendly quick servixe
Took them 15 minutes to make a single cheeseburger
Great place to go after the bar lol
Ordered online to get deals. Old time McDonalds!
Service and food quality are inconsistent
It's a McDonald's that you have to pay to use the bathroom. That's all
Extremely dirty bathrooms that you have to pay a quarter for really.
Worst mcdonals super slow every time
Below average by McDonald's standards
Crazy slow and disorganized
Got my breakfast n coffee, yum
Always good for my 3yo
Joke of a mcdonalds
It's a good place Nd good service
Get yourself a big Mac and some herion at the same time!
40 minutes for a burger is just not acceptabe.
employees courteous food ok
Wish they had fish Fridays at all of the McDonalds
Slowest McDonalds I have ever visited.
Nuggets are good  the fr ½ï¿½ï¿
Fast and friendly with food as expected.
Had a blackout. But got our fries!
They have what i want anx the service is super
Its friendly enough but needs cleaning
Good service and nice employees
The app gives you great deals !
Ran out of carbonated water for fountain drinks.
Best customer service
Fast service, good fast food.
Long wait times. Slooooow food
Horrible service. Dirty and delayed
Homless takeover at night and hangout in the bathroom begging for money at night
Love a hot fudge sundae!
Older McDs but service. Was good.
Bathroom smells like an exhibit at the zoo
Good options for the prices you pay.
"Slow slow slow service
Never come here again"
The nadir of Western Civilization is through   these GoldenArches.
The McRib started my downhill spiral..
Same food, consistently everyday.
Just if you are in a hurry or want to save
To many street people dominating the bathrooms
Slowest drive thru ever
I would not return a second time.
Its very good for a common area
Could be cleaner but the staff was kind
Chicken tenders were so good
Faat and easy going for today
Food poisoning
Good food quick to
Uber eats is easy and fast
I love Breackfast at these place
Service was long and wrong order
Everything was trash I'm sick bruh
Yes number one in fast food
Best frappe's in town!
Awesome staff, great MacFlurries...!!!!
Worst place I've been to.
Not so nice crowd that gathers
Possibly the worst McDonald 
I love McDonald's coffee
Fine for fast food
Cold fries, flat soda, it was awful
Service poor rude employees
It's McFat what do you expect
Good family orientated location
It was ok.
Love their deals
One of the better McDonald's but still McDonald's.
Dirty, bad food, badly organised
Worst mcds manager
All this type of food is garbage
Always good, Always consistent.
Always there when need em
Quick and good food..
Pure chaos at this particular location
The best big Mac in PB!
Not the best one, it is just fine.
Forgot the bacon on my mcdouble
Friendly.courtious personel
I'm exhausted with McDonald's. Sorry
Most toxic bathroom ever!
Fast quick easy
Very slow service.
Good for any coffee
As always piesrbomb.com
Open 24h.. Awesome.
Coffee is average and to sweet
Great service and clean
Same as all the other McDonald places
Hit or miss on the service.
Good service good area
Slow and crack heads everywhere
Impolite staff
Very slow service
Really Slow service.
Love the fish sandwiches
Awful food
Good and fast service
Nice customer service
Bad service for everything
Horrible customer service
Great customer service
You can eat there
Very good service
Great service personal
Shitty service shitty employees
Seen one, seen 'em all.
JUST LIKE OTHER MCDONALD'S
Great junk food
Gave wrong order
Crews are not friendly.
Hardly qualified as food
"GREAT SERVICE AND
FOOD"
Cold food
Slowest McDonald's in PB.
It's mcd
i hate it
Clean, fast service
Random people loiter here
Ink spot
drive thru good
Open late
Ate there this morning
After bar spot.....FOOD
Stay away from this crackheads place
A lot of homeless people
Love McDonald's
It's McDonald's what else needs to be said..
two stars
Best chicken nuggets
Slowest mds ever
Drinks were wrong
It sux
Yes! Fries!
Too many transients.
This place is hit or miss.
No good food
Awful in every way!!!!!
Dry nasty burgers
Meh.
Nice and clean.
Was fine this time.
Slowest place ever
Yep...same coffee.
To slow
Nice
I'm living it.
I'm lovin it!!
like the chicken mcgriddles
it's mcdonalds...need I say more?
Eh. Its McDonald's.
Fast and clean.
Fast and ok
Food was cold,
Wonderful!!!
Hate it!
SLOW, very slow!
Slow service  
Cool place
Slow slow slow service
Horrible service......
Horrible service!
Cool
Can't beat
Quick as usual
Terrible service
Sucks!
Sds finest
Great!!!
It A Good Place
good Service
Fine
Inexpensive menu
Good
Good
Dry hamburger buns
Assholles
Ok
Not to busy
Great employees!!!!
Newly remodeled
Great personal
Nice
Quiet
Good
Good
It ½ï¿½
Nasty
Always good
Sucks
Good service
Fast
Fast in hot
Peaceful and yummy
Bit costly.
Trash
Slow
Rude
Good Mcflurry's
Okay
It's alright
Friendly
Slow
Okay service
Bullshit
It's MC Donalds
Eh
Super messsssssssy!!!!!!
Typical McDonald's
Excellent 
Hey, it's McDonald's
It is what it is.
The usual.
It's mcdonald's
Disgusting
It's McDonald's
This McDonald's does 1 order per hour after midnight  ½ï
Drive in offers badly written. communication difficult.
I was waiting for my turn and the person who was the cashier serving a white person did not take care of me and he ignored me because I was Hispanic I felt discriminated against they are racist
"It's neither good nor bad. I don't think it's bad overall. It's the closest Mac to Pacific Beach, so you don't have to wait long after ordering, so it's perfect for saving time.
I have been many times and would love to go again."
You can enjoy eating in this place, I did not like eating outside the premises, besides the restrooms being closed
The breakfast here is awesome. Ate a burger with scrambled eggs. Instead of burger bread, there were pancakes dipped in maple syrup. Incredibly delicious!!
Dirty needs more people to clean
The place is a little neglected and they take a little longer than normal to serve
I like fast food is good
Excellent 
I like it because it is close to my house I love the menu
1/2 hour waiting time despite few customers
Good and fast service. Nice place
Very good service.
Very rich good attention
Simple and good, good service.
Worst Mac I've ever visited
Just plain McDonalds! Good cucumber!
Quick breakfast place
Great experience, good service
Neutral
Regiment
Neutral
typical service
Good 
Terrible
Good 
Terrible
Slowwww
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Awful
Perfect
Excellent 
Neutral
bath
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
fast food place
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Poor 
Terrible
Terrible
Good 
expensive food
Poor 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
their burgers
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Poor 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Fresh Food and AWESOME TABLE SERVICE!!! 5 STARS ï¿½ï
Stopped by from Canada trip with my family, ordered Big Macs and quarter pounder. Both burgers were super fresh. Will definitely  stop by, the lady on the counter even brought us the food since we didn   t h
Being that it's the first Mickey D's after you cross into the US from Qu ½bec, Canada, this place gets seriously packed at times with the Canadian tourists. I saw 2 buses stopping in to feed their passengers during my short visit here, on top of the regular customers and/or those that are traveling by cars. Just like those working at Mickey D's over the border in the Canadian side (mainly showing French), these workers only spoke English and weren't too thrilled about French-only customers. I used the app to place my order, which was more convenient and the workers seemed to appreciate that more, since they don't have to deal with extra people face-to-face. My order came out in timely manner (even with tons of tourists flooding in) and the food was good. Staff was friendly as they get. Huge parki
Stopped in for a quick visit at this newly built location. Nice bright dining room with fresh flowers on the tables. The usual self ordering screens or a helpful staff behind the counter waiting to take your order. If you are in need of food on the go this location has you covered. Two drive through lanes and mobile order curbside spots so as to get you back on the road faster. As McDonalds go this is a great improvement.
Food was slow. Manager (short hair woman) was having a mental breakdown or something and was being rude. She needs to be fired. Her name was Elizabeth or something. Very unprofessional.
Great stop after coming over the border! Truck parking and green grass for the dogs!! Always clean inside and order is always correct!
I came there to pick up order around 5 in the morning, there was a manager(brown hair) who dealt with me very rudely, i politely requested for my uber pick up but he showed me attitude and just shut the window. That was an awful experience for me and i would like to suggest them to show some etiquettes and respect towards their customers. I also work in a restaurant and know how to deal with the customers and uber orders.
Nice place to stop when crossing over to the US. The service is pretty fast thnaks to the help of automated service screens. The restaurant is clean. You can also access two drive-through lanes. There is a huge parking, so there is always place to park. The restaurant offers free wi-fi, which is very convenient.
Fresh and good! Plus very clean and modern. Probably the nicest McDonald's I've been to in a while.
Usually really good but this time I was missing the deluxe on my chicken deluxe burger I ordered.ï¿½ï
One of the cleanest and most modern McDonald's location's I've been to. The staff were really nice and my food was ready before my butt had a chance to hit the seat.
Obviously not enough  staff working.  Ice machine was broke.  We had to go up to counter and ask for a couple things missing from our order.  Things were a mess.
Probably the worst McDonald's restaurant I know. They can't manage to get any orders right and I've sat in their drive thru on several occasions for a few minutes with nobody covering it. Terrible
Awful service. I'd starve before I eat at this location again. Person working the cash had no idea what they were doing. Others standing around not doing anything. Door was locked in the middle of the afternoon so people couldn't come into the lobby to order. No ice available for your drink. Do yourself a favour and find another location to eat at.
"The staff was nice and smiling but it took a bit long to get our food.
For the kids meal, I was asked if I wanted Pok ½mon or a toy for kids under 3 and I said under 3 as my daught"
Very clean and has a kiosk that you can order. Drive through is available as well.
I stop at this McDonald's like once a week or two and usually service is fine food is fine and normally I would've put 4 stars but tonight I went there ten minutes before they closed and there was a few cars there service like it usually was but other fast food restaurants I check my food before I leave I didn't here cause I come here usually and everything is fine but when I got home to night I ordered two large meals and when I pulled out the large frys it was filled with enough to fill up a small it was filled 1/3 the size of a large not just one but both were and a lot of them tasted kinda stale like they were made a couple hours before I got them.
Very clean and efficient McDonald ½ï¿½ï
Shout out to the Champlain, NY staff who handled a very stressful situation last night very well. They had long lines at the window and a sudden large crew from a bus with tight time needs and some hangry energy. The staff was gracious throughout and incredibly fast. Thank you!
Doors say they open at 6am. Thats a lie!! At 630 still locked. Nobody answering the phone, constant busy signal. **management    if youre not going to open the doors for din
"Extremely slow when I passed yesterday around noon. Order came without any napkins.. Dispenser beside soft drink fountain was empty. Ask for some napkins at the counter and got 1 ( one ).
How cheap can you get??
Garbage cans beside the entrance were overflowing.
Can not recommended at all."
Haven't seen a McDonald's so lost in my life :(
Very slow. We were one of two cars, we were asked to go to the third window where we waited... while the car behind us got their food, then another car. Our order? One mcdouble. One double quarter pounder meal. That's it. Then the fries are cold. If they had competition in champlain they would not be doing well.
Waiting over 30 minutes to order. Then get to the window got my food then it was wrong went in doors were lock only 730 at night all doors were lock. All was 4 cheese burgers. Went back to drive thru window cuz my order was wrong. All they did was scrap it off only wanted pickles and Mac sauce and it was everything on it. When took it back just scrap off and gave it back. Was nasty
Typical McDonald's fast service
Friendly stop right after the can-us border, great service
The worst drive threw service. After waiting 10 min to order because 2 cars used the left lane drive threw and got served before me, then having to wait another 20 min to receive my order, to see that the McChicken had sauce when I said no sauce and the cheeseburger wasn   t well done like I asked. If I could give 0 stars I would. A week before 25 min drive threw wait and the food was co
Incredibly slow wait.  Food served was cold.  Received partial refund and PERSONAL INSULTS from the crew.  You do not need to train such bad staff.  Fire them.
This one ½ï
Franchise owners need to hire more staff to keep up with demand
Stopped here on our way home from Vermont.  The restrooms were very clean, but toilet paper was running low.  Staff needs some training in customer service, I felt like we were inconveniencing them for ordering.  Manager who was at the counter and served our food to us was very nice though.  Overall, it's a convenient pit-stop on route 11, easy to access, well lit and plenty of parking for cars, trucks, and RV's.
The owner of this McDonald's needs to read this.  When you have a breakfast special  you should want to please the customer. If the customer wants 2 sausage biscuits instead of 2 bacon biscuits  are a customer would prefer a a certain type of bread for there breafast sandwich special you should not put stipulations on what type of bread they want.  Other McDonald's have catered to my needs if your not willing to cater to customer needs then you will have less customers.  Also charging for ranch not everyone can eat ketchup because of acid and stomach problems and need ranch for there fries instead of ketchup. Anyone that says they need ranch for there fries are hashbrown not just chicken nuggets because they have stomach issues you should make exception to that for that.  And one last thing.  Your workers look miserable not one of them smiles at me im very outgoing person.  You need to explain to your workers that there attitudes are sour and need to cheer up. We all have bad days but when somone looks like they hate being there based off of there unfriendly customer service then they need more training.   Night service is better from my experience but the morning service needs to be looked at.  It's not fun to drive up and the worker gives you that look like they hate you and shows no customer service skills at all. Thank you for your understanding. Take my advice and you will have more customers
Coming from Montreal, this is our first stop after clearing US customer. We stopped for breakfast around 930. They did not have the egg steak and cheese bagel. In fact, they had no bagels at all. We ordered the muffing egg meals but got the biscuit meal. It also took them a while to get our order.
As good as most McDonald ½
Okay i love McDonald   s but y   all fries have been cold for months ½ï
Best McDonald's I've ever visited. Clean, with flowers on the table and table service. As good as it gets for a fast food restaurant. Bravo.
I never give McDonalds a 5 Star but this newly build restaurant has table service and the food is hot and terrific. There was a older store here previously but this new one is da bomb.
Ordered two Mcdoubles...one with ketchup only the other plain. The one with ketchup was so messy you couldn't even handle it and the other wasn't plain. The order was printed correctly on the receipt. Are these employees just not able to read?
"The food is good. Orders get filled properly. There were 2 PAST experiences when my order was messed and once I waited 2 hours for my order to be done properly.
I ½ï"
Dirty, no ice for drinks and a lot of food nat available.
Food seems to be getting worse. Tables dirty. Sketchy crowd loitering within the store.
Really nice place and experience! Higly recommend it! Even for a date!
The service was great surprisingly! Our food was hot and they actually had our order completely correct! Which is a big plus for this McDonald's. I do recommend McDonald's if you go at the right times
Only stop here if you have to.
This could be a fluke but on 3 separate occasions when I have gone there over the past 2 months their soda machine was not working.  So you couldn't order a meal deal.  Other than that it is a nice, regular McDonald's
Stopped here at the Champlain location for a quick bite while on my way home. The service was extremely slow. The employee tasked with serving the food to customers walked out and took several minutes to return and upon return took several more minutes to serve the food. The food was subpar as well. My recommendation is to avoid
"The french fries were stale.

Edit: dropped one more star, it was noon only car in drive through ordered a double cheeseburger and fries. Got to the window from there they sent me to there 3rd window  where i sat for 10mins until i got my food. The fries were half full and stale. The cheeseburger was good though."
A complete joke I told them I wanted a medium meal they charged me for a large and when I asked it to be fixed they said ok and didn't fix it . I will never go there again .then when I asked for ranch I was told they didn't have any but my girlfriend went in and asked for it up front and they gave it to her . I would of gave 0 if possible .
Went for the coffee which was fine. But also ordered a breakfast sandwich and a hash brown. They had an excessive amount of grease. Couldn't finish it.
We grabbed dinner Sunday evening, 2 x 2 cheese burger meals and 1 chicken nugget happy meal. We jumped back on the road to head home to peru after a hockey game. We opened our yellow cheese burger wrappers to find all 4 cheese burgers were missing the cheese. What a disappointment after a long day and drive.
Got the job done and place was very clean.
I have to say how impressed I am with this McDonald's. It is one of the very few fast food restaurants I've been to that always put a smile on your face. The staff is super courteous. The food is always good. The fries are always hot. Whenever I cross the border, I try to stop here just because I know the service is impeccable. They deserve an award for being so friendly.
Employees need to take more care in their sandwich assembly. To be fair, the employer should pay a more competitive wage to incentivize better work.
The ordering system was fancy there. We could take our time to decide what to order and did not have worry about staff waiting for your order. The food price is too high given the quality.
My visit went well. The employees were busy working yet friendly and attentive. I used the McD app for the first time here also. Always glad to get a good deal and great service. Good job.
"Service is slow, even even when the place is empty. I wouldn't dare go when the place is actually busy. It's a bit expected since it's so close to the border.
The interior seems pretty clean and the customer service is decent. I've only been on days when it's not busy, so my experiences have been decent."
Worst coffee drink in my whole life, literally threw up in the parking lot & threw it away after 1 sip. I don't plan on coming here again.
Give the wrong burger  i asked  for double qpounder  and drive half mile and find I didn't get right sandwiches. And drive delivery parts couldn't turn around after I kind when out my way to get a bit to eat. But hop they put right one in the box the next time.
Always double-check your order when you get it. Be patient. So many irate customers here. It's unreal. If you come during a busy time, use the self-serve kisoks. I have never seen them open more than one register since the remodel. All of the excellent staff were let go when they rebuilt the store and didn't come back. This particular store is the best argument for a $20 minimum wage. Maybe if people earned more they might be more motivated or they could hire people who are enthusiastic.
"Worst Buttermilk Chicken Sandwich...chicken was like rubber.
Fries were fair.
Husband had 2 Cheeseburgers and they were not great either.
Coffee and hot mocha were good.
This McDonald's was beautiful inside. Looked just renovated."
We are frequent customers of this restaurant.  While the food was good, the inside was a mess!  Every garbage can was overflowing, with stacks of garbage piled up on all of them.  The tables were littered with paper and garbage. There were papers all over the floor, even by the register.  At the drink station, there were scattered cups and catsup splattered on the counter and floor.  Counter service was excruciatingly slow.  Since we really like the renovation and usually great service, we will probably give it one more shot.  We were there almost a half hour and so no one in the front cleaning.  Hopefully they can address and correct the problem.
On the rare occasion my family stops here the order ALWAYS gets screwed up. More often than not it's the drive thru that screws up. The kiosk is cool and the game on a table is fun, but that in no way makes up for the lack of attention to orders. My rare visits will become even more rare.
In a rush to get a lunch after 7 hours of work and the cashier takes an employee before me even  though I was next in line. No biggie until the employee orders something so messed up the cashier has to ask someone how to punch it in and then needs help again to give the employee the discount. I've never had a good experience at this McDonald's.
The service was okay today and the staff was friendly. I still had to pull up to wait for someone to bring out a simple order. This location is routinely slow in processing drive thru orders.  I'm talking 15 minutes or more. I wouldn't order anything there within an hour of closing. I was once served an Egg McMuffin on a biscuit with a folded egg. Some friends ordered 10 McFlurries and each cup was less than half full like they rationed it out.  This is probably one of the most disappointing and poorly run locations. You don't mind paying twice as much for a coffee at the Dunkin next door because the McDonald's is sooooo slow.
Poor service, it took over 40 minutes for our food. The workers were more concerned with the drive thru. Nobody was working the front register or paying attention.
I usually go there every morning but my order usually gets messed up at least once a week. with that being said they do replace my meal for free on the following visit.
"Wow... This McDonald's is beyond awful. So many bad experiences!

For one, outside the place smells like a landfill. The inside is covered in flies and old decorations from months ago. Every table is dirty, the bathrooms are atrocious and the garbage is overflowing. If that were tolerable, the food certainly is it. There's always something wrong with the order or the food is old and stale or overcooked. We have had multiple issues with their soft drinks machine. Either the soda is warm, there is no carbonation or both. If someone suggests I go to this McDonald's again, I'll kindly tell them I'll eat my own foot after trouncing around in manure. There's no reason that cheap food has to be so lacking in quality."
Such in a hurry our double cheese burgers are horrible put together with hair on them. We threw them away. The ones we could eat made very sloppy. We eat McDonald's at least one time a week.
Horrible manager there , a woman by the name of Marsha I believe  or start with  an M i. I v Been waiting for the food for 15 mins and she tells me if I don't want to wait I should leave . How can a manager tells this? I am sure there is some sort of conduct policy or else she wouldn't been a manager
"Stuff is super polite and nice and helpful. 4 stars because if you pay at a kiosk, grab a receipt and a table number, find a place, proudly install the number on top of it and wait you are sort of in a limbo: your order is not shown on any display, you have no clue when and how you will be served.
We waited for a good 20 min and then I just asked a very nice and polite servant if I did everything correctly and when we will be served. He said all is ok and they just have too many orders at this time but he said I will help.
Suggestion to the higher management.
All orders numbers have to be on one of the displays otherwise there are no feedback to the paid clients and with a less passionate clients you may have issues.
What is for sure is that this situation decreases efficiency of the floor workers since the current state of kiosk order processing creates a situation in which ppl will be asking questions that can easily be fixed by software upgrade!!
McCheers!!!
;-)"
McDonald's is not a place where I would normally eat however, it was the only game in town. Food was hot and delivered to the table, so who am I to complain.
It was horrible order from inside and it was a 27 min wait for food!! Ridiculous for 3 meals....
"Hello

I was stunned to read reviews of this location on Google.  Not our experience at all.

My wife and I both agree that this was the finest, cleanest, friendliest McDonalds we have ever been to ... dating back to the mid 1970's!  That's a lot of McDonalds all across Ontario, Quebec and probably 30 states in the USA.

We stopped on our way through for a quick bite at about 11:30 a.m. Thursday May 9 and again at about 1:30 p.m. Monday May 13.

We loved the staff, the patriotic decorations and just the overall welcoming atmosphere.

What a place.  Hope they keep it up!"
Since their new building has opened it takes FOREVER to get your food! It   s supposed to be fast food and it takes 20-30 minutes in the drive through and then they gave my kids toddler toys when I did not ask 
Worst service in years. 10pm at night. Only car in the drive thru. 20 minutes for chicken tenders and fries. No explanation given. "We are working on it". The team's teenage friends inside however were getting personalized service with their coffees.
This place has the worst service they kept giving us the wrong order and actually had his pay for someone else's. the area took a while to correct and then we still had to wait for our food for another 10 minutes or so. This was all done through the drive-thru and I expected better service the New York City from this place but I definitely didn't get it. the food actually wasn't that good either I remember feeling sick after I got home later so I definitely don't recommend going to this McDonald's.
No one waits on you EVERYONE wants to help you order from the buy here pay here kiosk.  I want to order my food pay cash and have someone there so I don't have to wait 10 minutes for someone who has ignored the fact I have stood there 10 min, to show up and say May I help you. Ya you could have been here 10 minutes ago instead of standing in the corner with EVERYONE else running your mouth
"These people can't get an order straight to save their lives. We went in with an order that was WRITTEN DOWN CLEARLY and was very precise. 3 times we had to go back to the counter. The last time my sand which was dropped on the floor, picked up, wiped off, put in the container and handed to me! I got the entire incident captured on my phone and when I confronted the person, they denied my sandwhich even fell. This place is all around terrible. Save yourself the risk of salmonella poisoning and drive the 18 miles to Plattsburgh. Your health will thank you! I'd give zero stars if it were possible!!!!!!

.... 2/17/19....
Here We freaking go again! Tried one last time tonight, was very specific with our order (which wasn't very hard to begin with) and guess what? A complete and total failure! These people just don't Care! Do yourself A favor and drive the extra miles to Plattsburgh."
Last stop before entering Canada! I recommend grabbing a bite here because one thing awaits you for sure for 1+hrs at the other side of the border: traffic. Grab a bite and if you're coming back from Canada, I think they accepted all of my Canadian change that I had left so that was convenient too.
This place seriously needs some funding from the head office to renovate and modernize the dinning area. Washrooms are deplorable. Considering the amount of Canadian traffic that passes through Champlain, I believe most would like a pit stop for lunch while traveling down to the states, a renovation would be warranted and I think most people would enjoy eating here more often.
I only went in to use the bathroom and get a refreshment, but they were promoting "Lobster Rolls!" So I ordered one. One of the best Lobster Rolls I ever had! It was very tasty, and had plenty of lobster meat. Besides all of the lobster meat, my sandwich had the the full piece of meat from a claw!
Easy and clean  place to stop once you come back into the US  from the Canadian border.  The coffee is good and restroom is clean. Decour is a bit dated, but the food comes out fast and taste  the way it should.
Coming from Quebec and it's 1pm, we stopped by for quick lunch. Burger was of course very good and the place is very modern but what surprised me was the great service. There was this McDonalds employee who was asking us if we need anything like soda refills or coffee. This is the first McDonalds that I experienced this great service. Go there folks!
During a severe thunderstorm I told my son to pull over and get indoors. He was right near Mcdonalds in Champlain and he went in and ordered some food. After he got his food they kicked my son out and said he couldn't hang around due to covid right in the middle of the worst part of the storm. Use some common sense Mcdonalds and have a heart.
They took the fast out of fast food today! Always pull ahead at window 2. I remember when you use get your food from that window! If the machine breaks down we break down!
Really same old same old. Once you've been to one, you've been to pretty much all of them. At least in Canada and the US anyways. This recently renovated location is clean and efficient the drive-thru is way faster than going inside.
Place was over crowded. Took 10 minutes to place order then another 20 minutes getting it just to not get my full order. I won't be back to this resturant.
"This particular location is a regular stop for us after crossing the border.

Usually clean, good gas stations in area.

Also, good spot to access your Canadian data plan one last time."
Long wait drive thru 30 cars customer inside waiting over 20 minutes to get his order taken, poor service
Good and fast service with their new drive through. always in and out very quickly. Glad to have this in the area.
The man bathroom urinals stink so bad, the water does not flush the toxic substance in it. It gets busy when 2 buses pull in at the same time. The touch screen is not as easy to operate as most older people and many foreigners don't know how to place an order for the meal.
Extremely slow service, almost 30 minutes to get two cups of coffee, all staff was servicing drive thru and took the inside customers orders, but did not fill them. Not even a"sorry for the delay". Manager told staff to stop taking orders
One of the best mcdonalds I have been too. We travel from Montreal to New York frequently and often stop by this mcdonalds. The service is always efficient and quick. Premises always clean! Definitely a thumbs up especially considering how filthy and awful some other mcdonalds can be!!
Great food and great service
Always loved McDonald's.
"Was asked to leave because the dining room was closed,
however there are no signs stating that the dining room was closed. This was after we ordered on the kiosk in the lobby that said nothing about the dining room being close as well. The food was poorly prepared it was a mess."
They force you to order from a kiosk while employees just stand around.  In fact the busiest person there was the one telling people to use the kiosks to order.  I had to ask three times for my drink cup.
"Lacking in customer service.  Wouldn't substitute steak for sausage in big breakfast. Even after we said we would pay extra. Biscuits were hard. Bathroom was nasty!
Only good thing worth the one star was the coffee!!"
On point service. Got straws, napkins, even a salsa for my breakfast burrito! Quick service too!
Tired of getting cold half filled frys! They would not serve half a tea! Why serve half a fry!
This is the worst McDonald's ever.they are very slow.they screw up our order every time we go there.we are done with this place.today I asked for 2 hamburgers I got 2 cheeseburgers.wth.we are always asking for our cup for our soda.at times we could stand there for more than 10 min.before being waited on.never again.
The foods always good here but the waiting time sucked. Its like nobody in there wanted to work this night. Almost 10 minutes waiting for simple orders, and it was at the end and it wasn't packed. Smh
Was ok food usually gets messed up and sometimes not so tasty at this McDonald's I used to go their all the time when I first moved up here but every single time I went their messed my order up and the food was mostly gross some is ok but not as good as other McDonald's
They don't listen. They gave us really cold fry's. The Dr. Pepper was flat. The manger was very rude. I ask for light lettuce and extra sauce on my big mac. And they put big load of lettuce and very little sauce. THEY DONT LISTEN!!!!!
Who rates McDonalds?! Well, this one is worth rating. Fresh flowers at the tables, a greeter, super clean, table delivery, friendly staff, classy interior (yes, better than other mcds...). Nice job at this location! Impressed!
Drive-thru can be very slow. Your better off to go in, order on the kiosk, then leave with your food if you don't want to dine in. The food is comparable to other McDonald's franchises I've been to.
Absolutely awful, get your stuff together McDonalds. Yes, their food tastes good but the place it's self is horrid. If you are in a rush which most of us are since it's fast food, don't come to this one. Without a doubt they will get your order completely wrong. They have literally messed up my order 3 times in this past week. I order iced peppermint coffee, and they never give it to me even though it says it on my receipt, it';s always hot coffee they give me. One of the orders messed up my coffee so bad that it was just a hot coffee with just creamer in it, no sugar or flavor(even though I asked for iced peppermint mocha). I ordered 2 pies and they didn't even give me them, plus picante sauce comes with the breakfast burritos yet they never give me it either. Mess up my McChicken just about every time I order it. This happens very often but this time it threw me over the edge since it was so frequent this week. Champlain's McDonalds is the worse by far that I have been to.
Was going through and the family decided we should get McDonald's seeing how we were about 30minutes till they closed was gonna just get something small went to the drive thru and no one answered pulled to the front and saw about 5 people just looking at us weird then turning to each other and laughing.. not satisfied with them at all
What staff they had were working hard but the place was a mess in service was very slow.
Same as every other McDonald's
Slow service. Kids working don ½ï¿½ï
It's one of the most techi mcdonalds out there.  However it does occasionally take more than a few minutes to get your food in the drive through on a busy day.  You're better off to go in an order from the kiosk and sit at the tables.  They all have flowers on them.
It was backed up after baseball and bcuz a bunch of electrical workers came in off of 87. But after just a few minutes wait the drive thru started working very rapidly.
"Update... Was in hurry and tried this McD's again. Huge improvement from past experience. Food was hot, seemed fresh for fast food. Raised one star... With raise again if next visit consistent.

Past review...
New bulding... same substandard food. They must get corporate McDonald leftovers. Not sure why the fries and burgers taste awful compared to other McDs. Cold wilty fries and the hambuger pattes looked worse than most. Hoped the new building would have improved food. Got a green quarter pounder patty last visit in old building. Disappointed, do not like going to Plattsburgh if can help it. maybe try again in a year. hopefully better experience then."
A good McDonalds location. Placed an in app order for drive thru pick up. All went well, quickly and correctly fulfilled. Staff was friendly. Thumbs up!
Normally decent food for a McDonald   s restaurant however if you order a frozen drink, they make it first so it sits there and melts. No matter what time of day, it   s always the same. Don ½ï¿½
Terrible service and terrible management. Paid with 2 gift cards and 10 dollars cash for my meal, you would think I would get change back, but she hands me back a gift card. Tells me the change is on the card. Gave me back an empty gift card, tried using it in plattsburgh on rt9 McDonald's, manager informed me it was empty....So I guess thievery as well goes with their reputation
"The McDonald's in Champlain NY is a great place to grab something to eat and to be honest I just came here last night on my way to Altona to play the slot machines and I really enjoy coming to this McDonald's and it's way far better than the one is in my town where I live and it's like Night And Day compared to this one and I just as well give this place a 5 Star Rating and the other one is a 1 Star Rating and if I had the opportunity to give it a BIG FAT ZERO I REALLY WOULD AND I DON'T THINK THAT IT'S FAIR TO REVIEWER'S TO HAVE TO GIVE IT A 1 STAR WHEN THEY DON'T DESERVE IT?????

This McDonald's here in Swanton VT is probably the worst place to get so called fast food! I go through the drive thru too order my food, but before I do go too McDonald's I always make sure that I have a full tank of gas in my car. Because by the time I get my food, I've already waisted at least 15 bucks in gas by the time I leave this place. I believe that if it's going too take a half hour or more to finally get my very Luke Warm Garbage then this McDonald's should not be allowed to call themselves a part of the Fast Food Chain! If you want to get something quick to eat, then don't go to this McDonald's here in Swanton and their service is terrible and the food is even worse!"
Good service short waiting time friendly people here
It was okay they never rly get my order correct tho
Only been there once before today I remember why it   s horrible had to wait for my food for them to not even give it all to me 
Not big the food
Switching over to the computers to order which takes a while to find what you want on the screen and customize it. Orders took a long time to be prepared and the worker gave my milkshake to the wrong person before he said he didn't order one
We Canadians get so much less than USA McD's.  I don't even bother going to Canadian outlets unless it was for the $1.00 coffee. Here, everything was done as McD would want...AND served to your table another difference between the two.
This place doesn't serve McLobster roll anymore.  We used to go there twice a summer for their lobster roll.  I gave a 4 stars became of the interior quality.
Better than the last few times I have been there. They actually had warm food. and was not forever in the drive thru.
Couldn't eat inside. But other than that staff was polite. Food order was quick
Prices were most impressive.
No milkshake no change for your order not told this till they are collecting my money I'm not in to being hustled by McDonald's good luck I won't be back very disappointed
There was a bug in my filet sandwich but the manager rectified it by giving me a coupon for a free filet fish meal .I'm suppose to get another one in the mail I haven't received it as yet .
Had to come for the mcrib. Last chance it was delicious!
This location always has friendly staff.
"The service is quick for sure quality is consistent, never had a problem with this McDonald's, ,,,,
Same thing happened to me too , some white  aged man just put himself in front of me, and I m white"
Fast service very clean great stop at the border
"This McDonald   s puts Quebec   s locations to shame.
"
Thier new drive thru is much faster than the old one
I dont want to use a computer to place my own orders. I order a sandwich without things that come on it and special drinks. But then the cashier can't get my order right either
I'm parked at Maplefields store. I walked up to McDonalds. I ordered a bacon sandwich. Instead I get a deluxe qtr cheese. This always happens. This is why I go to Wendy's.
"Service is fast and the food is well. ..McDonalds.  Decor needs an update.
Staff is very nice and friendly.
Very popular with Canadians traveling to the USA."
Waited 10 minutes for my order to be ready via drive thru. They forgot to put a hamburger party on one of my custom order cheese burgers... So essentially I had a cheese sandwich
Food was cold. Asked for no pickles, got pickles. Fries were stale and we waited 10 minutes for the food. Why was it cold if we had to wait? Only reason we stopped was there was no where else to go.
"They seem to be indefinitely out of bacon. Last week, no bacon in my double cheese burger although I asked for it and today, they replaced it with ham in my BACON McMuffin...

Edit: after weeks of ordering there, they always do mistakes on every other order!"
It's no longer a cheap meal ours usually for two people cost around 20 bucks but the coffee is good and we know that the food is always to a certain standard which is very important when we're traveling on the highway and we don't know the restaurants.
Best looking McDonald's I have ever been to the fountain machine was a new version of the coke touch screen you see alot now the booths were very comfortable and they got my food to me very quickly excellent experience
Kind of expensive for what it is. 15$ for a featured burger fries and a small shake? At least the service was quick and employees smiled. Used the drive thru this time.
Well decorated, typical micky d's.
Had to wait to get my food and still wouldn't come until I beeped my horn at the drive through. And they almost forgot my root beer and I was the only one in the line.
"I stand almost 10 mns in front of a cashier Who completely ignore me. When I requested to be served, she looked at me and Says: I'm sorry, I didn't see you.
No surprise. I am a black man 6 feets 2 and 260 lbs."
Just went there after it opened after over a month of building a new restaurant. This place has been known for getting orders wrong all the time, first time going there in a while, got my order wrong..... Puts a bad taste in my mouth, literally
I'm just not impressed with the prices with the quality of food still seems to be the same. Also the employees always seem to be dragging your feet don't seem happy to be there.
There is always long wait at drive through, sometimes even for 15-20 minutes
Not very fast, not very clean, not very good. The opposite of what could be a good fast-food restaurant. On the plus side, they have high chair for kids.
Nicely decorated and takes both currencies.
Ate there last nite  food was good & service was great ,my order was up b4 i could fill my drink , looks like any typical mcds not sure bout all the flap about remodling .
"there was a little bit of language barrier that needs improvement.
If the staff can't understand the customer just ask or repeat back the customer's statement to clarify"
Love the new renovations and the table service is too much, I can 
"Ordered 40 dollars worth of food drove 15 miles home to find my grandson didn't get his chicken MC- nuggetsthen drove back 15 miles back for the nuggets gas + time because of their mistake
And I get an apple pie, wip- pe do thanks alot Champlain MC Donands!!!!!"
The food was good. Hot and fresh. But every time I go, the wait is inexcusably long.
Very friendly staff, very clean inside, meal excellent
Latte machine has been out for 10 Days . The coffee never taste the same !
Possibly the worst and slowest fast food experience I have ever had. The only thing that was good about this restaurant is that it was clean.
This restaurant has been totally redone inside. Very nice and clean. Food fresh and hot. Staff friendly
This McDonald's location could be cleaner. They need to may attention to the Self-Serve station a tad more. Otherwise typical McDonald's experience.
"Soda machine needs help.
Water comes out brown the first time. Second time clearer but has bad taste"
I want to say thank you . my order was wrong but the manager. On duty took care of it wow great thanks . o and i had the best frapa
Been here multiple times, and had to wait over an hour and a half the first time half hour this time. Called and emailed the first time with no answer and this time was told I dont pick my team or do schedule.
Couldn't eat there as they don't have Halal menu
Extremely busy McDonald   s, it ½ï¿
Great place for the kids to have fun with arcade games. Interesting food variety! I didn't know McDonald's had pasta and pizza!
1/2 hour waiting for two egg McMuffins. Bathroom gross.
Meal was late, fries cold and I had to enter from the drive through to get my soft drink that was not brought out to the car.
Great friendly fast service. Love that fact that y'all have truck parking!
It's Always Good and hot food at this McDonald's restaurant unlike some of the others that I have been too!
Ordered a chicken sandwich only to get home to find out I got a burger and since I was the only car in the drive through  not sure how that mistake could happen
The worst service I ever experienced at a McDonald restraunt in champlain ny very slow and have no clue whats going on they need someone to manage that place and speed up the service
New building New Kids working same old MickeyDs food.They still have the same great coffee and that's why I go there
We had the best time and the food was good. I wish there were pickles on my cheeseburger
Route 3 mcdonalds is great. They are fast and friendly and the food is good. The service of employees are wonderful.
I got two smoothies and fries for 30 cents. In other words it's the worst restaurant and I give it a 10/5 on the graphics alone.
Fast friendly and accurate.foid was freshly prepared.Great job
The McDonald's next to the boarder was awesome! The food was nice, and the place itself if decked you with great machines!
I will never return to this location. We went in there today and they did not wait on a truck driver. he left without food and was very angry. Truck drivers should be served they are the ones out there working for the country
Chaimplain is beautiful plattsburgh needs to upgrade like chaimplain walk in go to touch screen kiosk take a number and have a seat and very speedy and accurate
Same as any other McDonald's
I find it strange but the big Mac in USA is bigger than that served in Canada.
Clean but took very long, for fast food at least, to actually receive the order
Very nice staff but took 20 mins to get egg McMuffin. Not worth it if you're in a rush
Poor service, cold product nothing was good about my last visit
Food was fresh and the staff was very polite. Only had to wait a bit.
Great location. Not much else in the area so appreciate it being there!
New McDonald's with friendly staff and super clean restrooms! Our food and drinks were perfect.
Very nice folks for me my breakfast in record time. Obviously, McDonald's cannot be compared to a steakhouse or similar.
Better than McDonald ½ï¿½ï¿½
Every time I go to McDonald's I either get cold food or something is wrong like hey I want a Mcchicken add tomato and when I open it, it has bun mayo lettuce tomato but no chicken like where did it go
Greasy food but ok
Fast and friendly service and my food was fresh!
This particular location was great service and everything was made right very pleased with our visit
Amazing service. Super friendly and fast. Food was well prepared.
Best McDonald, they even have flowers on the table. I felt like Princess Kate when she has breakfast at the Birmingham palace
Service was slow, no napkins anywhere.. I watched an employee put his hands in his pants and then continued to work without washing his hands. Then touches an ice cream cone... ew.
I ordered at 7:25 got my food at 7:28 very friendly  Very fast food was good
Food is good but getting what you order the first time is a whole new challenge
Go to a nice place and get a good burger for less. Prices at McDonalds have gotten way to high for fast food.
Brand new, or very recently renovated. Good service, they brought my order to my table!
Bathroom was disgusting! Major need of updating broken tiles not clean at all when i went in on may 15th 2016
It's McDonald's.. same anywhere you go pretty much.
Always having to wait more the 10 to 15 mins in the drive thru.
Although slow service, at least it is newly renovated and has self-serve machines.
Using the drive thru ? Check your orders !
There is nothing special or exceptional about it, it is just like any other McDonald's and I only went out of convenience and lack of options
They did pretty good for late night and a bus full of people. Food was hot!
Consistently terrible and slow service/quality. They also don't stay open during the hours they list, closing early.
Good place to eat if u want something fast and your in a hurry
7 out of 10 times I go there through the drive through they forget something and I have to go back inside and get it
It was cool until this old white guy walks up and gets in front of me in line as if i wasn't standing there...
I ordered a coke and got a dr.pepper. this is the 2nd time that they have done this.
Worse food ever, way to salty. Had to throw it away. Definitely not the McDonald's of years ago.
Awesome  ½ï¿½
Terrible curbside service.  Not busy and everyone had to wait at least 20 minutes for a small order
GET RID OF THE COMPUTERIZED FOUNTAIN DRINK MACHINE!!!
Nice place and very modernized with cashier kiosks for ordering and food delivered to tables
There's often stuff missing. No soft drinks, no breakfast. Quick service tho
Next the 87N, lost to Canadian boarder, with friendly service. Closest States McDonald's for Canadian boarder crossing shoppers.
Not a big menu! Very surprised!
Their food is excellent by day but mess up orders at night it seems like the best time to eat is in the morning
It was the worst service I've ever seen it took 45 minutes to get our food chicken nuggets Egg McMuffin and two drinks
Very busy place, you wait for your food. The place is a mess and the staff is hardly personal.
Very fast-paced drive-thru and fresh food
Restaurant isn't as clean as I would prefer but food is palatable
Clean, always crowded. Staff is nice &  serve you with courtesy.
It's been 3 years since I last had it but it was pretty good
Very clean. Hot Mcdonalds food. Easy to get to off the interstate.
Got breakfast here , they have truck parking.
Was not at all impressed. Very rude!!! Clean establishment, how ever needs much improvement on customer service!!!
Clean and quite modern looking . Fast service and polite staff.
I had to wait 25 minutes for a breakfast sandwich service very slow there and most of the food I've gotten from there since then has been cold
Just awful....remember when Mcd's was good food quality? I actually do....now, they really do suck!
Convenient had truck parking  nice staff
Cold fries and burgers wrong order sandwiches put together very sloppy really needs to step up with their customer service ..
Poor service order messed up greedy floor extra long wait no counter people
Very nice place to host a wedding, Christmas Party, or any kind of special event.
Can't order the two for 5 because they aren't offering it although it's the first thing you see pulling into the drive threw.
Waited a hour and a half in line in drive through terrible service food cold and over cooked and slow incompetent help
Very rude manager , waited 40 minutes for our meal to have it handed by the manager practically shoving it at me , and saying here .
Food was called and tasted terrible
Only to use the restroom I don't eat garbage
I enjoy myself because the service is always fast and fresh.
ok for a McDo, service was good, but you guys need to have vinegar...!
I like this McDonald's. It feels classy and your order is always right.
"Very quick..
Very courteous.
Food very Hot!
Very Good!
Thanks!"
After crossing Canadian border this is the first fast food place to go and enjoy your burger
This is the best mcds that I have been to in the USA.  Staff and food a+.
Constantly messing up your order! Makes you want to go somewhere else and eat.
Worst food ever made! Like seriously are they trying to kill off people slowly!?
Prices and specials are good and usually they give the right order.
Very clean restaurant with nice customer service!
Been there forever, and it looks like it.  Don't think they have renovated in 20+ years
They didn't give us sweet and sour sauce and sprite tasted like mildew
Terrible service with drive thru ,check your bag/bags before heading out to I87
Slowest McDonald's ever..get these employees some help.!
Newest but the slowest.  Fifteen minutes at the drive through to get our meal.
Your usual McDonald's food. No better, no worse. Could use a remodeling. Counter service slow. I don't like waiting for fast food.
All I'm gonna say is check your order before you leave the restaurant
I'm w that Ezekiel guy , my double cheeseburger mad cold , these dudes even forget my fries, smh this place should be names the mcshitnalds
Overdone fries flat soda no taste mostly seltzer.
They hussled and seemed to work hard
Nicely renovated stop. Friendly staff and quick hot food!
It's fast food. It's not meant to be great but for what it is, it's fine.
Waited twenty minutes at the drive through window  0 rating
Mess up orders all the time. I'm not impressed by the service.
Very poor service here. Takes along time get your what you order
Ordered at Kiosk...waited and waited and waited for our food!  So much for fast food!
Conveniently located near the border. Clean. Fresh food and fast service.
Delivery was faster. They dont start munch till 11
I waited my order 28min  ½ï¿½ï¿½ï
Dont even bother getting chicken nuggets from McDonalds anymore they are so gross
Champlain doing much better on drive through.  Correct orsers.
Service is a bit slow but great place
Line too long to order and pay! Only o e register open at noon time!
Great time, good food and friendly staff.
Very slow.  Order 3 things took 20 minutes.
Received wrong food and waited 20 minutes in drive thru line
I ordered at the Kiosk, and received the food very quickly.
"Love it.
Now with 24 hour Breakfast.
need I say more."
This McDonald's will reaffirm your opinion of McDonald's
The woman who took my order was rude, and rushing me.
Food was hot and fresh
Ice cream cone, soda, iced coffee, everything was great! Thanks!  
Super clean and efficient, everything you'd want from a mcdo
Friendly,efficient service. Stop on side of I-87. Platsburgh.
stays the same.
Chicken not fresh,  reheated dried out, very friendly staff
"Top New! Very clean ! Nice.
About time!"
Got told I couldn't find in and everyone else was dining in
Food is a hater Miss but usually is good
it is good McDonald before arriving in Canada. take a rest and add gas.
I hate eating here but when it's last minute every now and then I guess it will do
Service was ok but place smelled like sewage.
Fast service
Newer establishment with parking for about 5, 18 wheelers! Friendly staff and clean place.
Quick clean friendly and remade my fries
Overpriced, bad service, and not clean. Avoid this place.
so so... didn't liked it... found it more expensive than Canadian ones
Ok for fast food.the play area is extremely dirty, nothing cleaned.
They need more people on the weekends. Very short staffed
Fast and friendly service. Nice location.
Fast service, good food, great workers
This McDonald's is disgusting. Leaking sealing, gross bathrooms and creepy staff. Should be avoided.
Pay for a large iced latte for it to be half full . Really eerks me  ½ï¿½
Long wait for food, not very clean inside.
Very clean and modern, staff was unbelievably helpful!
Right off the interstate; free wifi and a drive thru too, usual Mcd fare.
Very Busy, but the staff was efficient and friendly
Average place to purchase fast food.
Sometimes the fries are meh... That's all I get there  
Food was bad , we got sick , the oil was bad .
The new trainee and the person was very very rude and smart-assed
Clean and friendly. Exactly what you'd want from a McDonald's.
Fries wss cold ,food made me got to bathroom constantly
I fed my cat two of the three burgers I ordered, it later died.
Did not receive full order. Food was cold.
Professional staff.
Messed up a sandwhich three times in a row. Poor service.
"Coming home from Canada
Manager yelling at employees tables dirty. Not a good day there"
Fast, friendly.  Fries were cold
Good
Rude employees and poor service. Never stopping here again.
Poor service and constantly messing orders up!
Breakfast I ordered was dry and crumbly
Nice and we're well served.
Not too bad for fast food
can be very busy from tour buses in and out of Canada
McDonald's is the only one in town that consistently makes it up when they mess up LOL
Canada
Good food at reasonable prices
ýýýý ýýý
Never gets the order right
Very tasty. Good service.
Prefer Burger King so I'm biased.
The service was ok, it wasn't bad
Never go here. McDonald's is so UNHEALTHY!
This facility is always dirty, no matter what time of the day or day of the week.
Never get an order right. Like ever
Very nice, clean & friendly environment
Easy to order & nice people.
Much improved. Love the coffee!
The freshest McDonald's meal I have ever had
Brand new McDonalds, latest technology and super clean.
Terrible. They forgot 1 cheeseburger and the place was a hog pen
Food is always cold and takes forever.
Leg stretch, potty break and desert stop.
First stop after the border.
There are better ones out there
Can't help it, love McDonald's  ½ï¿½ï¿½
Good but a bit slow.
Not even open until 11 like advrtised
Not professional workers
Toilets smelled like rotting flesh, i guess its a old building
It's ok fast food restaurant
Yo its mcdonalds.. Not fine dinning
no wi fi
"Bad service

And why they closing at 12am on a friday ?????"
Good services. Clean place.
Quick service and no wait
Easy in/ easy out for trucks.
Right at the US /Canada border, fast service
Very nice with a recent facelift!
Fail
Stopped on the way to Canada. Keep driving or get something else
Good food,  fast service
Clean and friendly. RV parking available.
The usual good.  Had coffee
Again, it is McDonald's. Convenient but not good.
Great place and very clean
Very dirty facilities bathroom was nasty
Canadian mcdonalds should learn for these guys!
Great place for junk food
Takes forever to get your food
Fast
I've never been to a slower McDonald's.
Kiosk wouldn't work
Clean McDonald's, just a bit slow in the drive thru
Slow service and mediocre food
Excellent service! Thank you
Good trucks parkings
Awesome service and prices
Friendly staff at drive through
If you have 45 minutes To wait....
Love those double cheeseburgerssss!!
Nice and fresh food
Always dirty. Mgmnt unpleasant .
Always quick and correct
Cost more than you'd expect
Rude customer service....smartasses
Well, this is a McDonald's fast food place :)
Typical McDonalds.. Nothing fancy
Prompt service friendly people
Easier to order now.
Great and friendly service
Handled busload of 40 quickly
Service and food was great
Just for coffee, its good enough
They are not 24hrs. They close at 11pm
Very slow
Not good
Good stuff , actually hot
Nice clean place.
Quick place to grab a meal on the go
Always quick,  always good
Fast. Great service.
Great parking for trucks
Newly updated, looks great
I like very yummy
The way you have to order
Slow service and cold food.
Fast and friendly staff
Always good, big Mc
Great friendly service
Clean and staff are helpful
Great customer service
You always know what to expect
Nothing special except for cheap coffee
Cold food long waits
Nickel
Hot food speedy delivery
Food is getting worse by the day
Good food
Very slow in the evening hours
Love iy
For McDonald's, it was a good one
Its McD's. Fast and cheap
Good
Just don't like McDonalds.
Truck parking clean
Good for a quick stop
Good place
Interesting creatures in this one.
Very nice
Not very friendly
Fast service, fresh food
Good food
Love it want more of it
Very good
Fast food
Very rude cashier
Good  food  
Great orange juice
Last stop before Canada
Nice place clesn
Okay
The service to mutch long
mehh
Nice and clean.
It's ok
It was a nice place
So dirty
I liek beesechurger
Lousy service cold food
Clean, fast and practical
Best food ever!!!!
avoid the lobster sandwich
Always there, there everywheres......
Such a long wait.
Food Needs to be hotter
Good service
It 
Nice and clean
Service was awful
brand new
Fast and friendly!
Good.
Breakfast at its best!
Good....
Love it
Pleasant
Clean and fast.
OK food
Fast and easy
No drive thru ?
The coffee is delicious
Incredibly understaffed.
Super clean
Great service
Great service
Great service
Service was slow
Usual McDonald's
Quick and easy
Great service
ýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýý ýýý
Good fries!
Its Mickey d's
Awesome staff
Convenient when on the go
Great prices
Typical McD's
Extremly slow
Classic fast food
I'm loven it.
great service
Great food
Curb side ordering
Fast and cheap.
Brand new facility
Great people
Clean and fast
Very disappointed!
Ok
Like it!
Goodmfood
I love McDonald's
Ok
good service
Fast and efficient
Excellent 
nice
Ok
Nice restaurant
Nice
Frendly staff
Very clean....
Nice
It is OK,
Good
Great
Nice people
Guaranteed to wait.
Clean, friendly
Funny funny stuff
Friea old..
Bad and dirty
Fast service
Typical McDonalds
the fries were
Have to eat something.
Dirty, and disorganized
Long lines
Clean
Gold
Burritos
Yum
Service
Excellent 
Excellent 
Fast fat food
It's McDonald's.
A McDonald like the others
Its Macdonald's
Newly remolded
A new mcdo
It's McDonald's
as expected
Unorganized
Its McDonalds.
It's McDonald's
It's a McDonald's
It's McDonald's
McDonald's is McDonald's
One of the best McDonalds, much better compared to almost any Macdonald in Montreal. The staff never forgets anything and ensures that the orders are in order at all times. A good McDo to stop on the way back to the United States     ½
"It's more than twice as expensive as McDonald's in the US.
A McMorning hash brown drink set is about $8.7."
"Sweet break / Yummy sweet stop

Sweet break on June 10, 2018 at the start of the evening with a cone at $1.19 for me, an M&M McFlurry at $2.89 for our son and a caramel sundae at $1.59. Total of $6.12 US with tax. We enjoyed it all on the outdoor terrace. Nothing more to report.

Reviewed on June 11, 2018 in Salaberry de Valleyfield, Quebec, Canada."
There is always good music in the bathrooms ï¿½ï
Well located and clean toilet. WiFi works well. I enjoyed my visit and was able to check what posts before hitting the road again.
Too noisy, unfriendly staff
C the best, always fresh, welcoming staff, affordable price
Very impressed with the courteous and prompt service from young Sebastian at the checkout. Very nice, smiling and polite. He cares about the satisfaction of his customers. Cheer !
Cheap, with free wifi
Really way too busy.
"Tasty
Food but far too few staff so slow treatment"
Great place first place where you can make a toilet stop. For me, it's a tradition to eat McDonald's after customs and before returning to Canada. I find the lunch excellent because of the biskits. The place is clean and the staff excellent
Close to the canada border. US and CANADA border. rest area
Quick and cheerful service. The food was fine. However, the coffee tasted burnt and the canned apple juice really wasn't the best.
"After 2 hours at customs... Nothing better than a cheeseburger that you will bitterly regret for the next 2 hours on the road.
He is in a terrible state."
The place deserves a slight refresh. The toilets are from another era and the facilities in general are below average standards.
Fast service. Clean restaurant.
No beer, sorry. Looking forward to seeing you, a good place to grab a bite to eat after crossing the border from Canada
McDonald's franchise, exemplary cleanliness, no playpen. Does not participate in national promotions.
It's a tradition... After going through customs, fries  ½
Good place to eat after waiting at customs. Own.
My child wanted to eat McDonald's, so I drove over and bought it for him. The worst impression was that while waiting there, I saw a few flies flying around in the kitchen.
Fast service yesterday morning 7 hrs and the perfect and tasty bacon eggmcmuffin! Impressive ï¿½ï
Long service and restaurant not very clean
Not very clean, flies in large quantities. It's worrying
Renovated. Decorated with ambiance. Table service! A McDo with class.
Nothing surprising, the same as any other McDonald's but the bathrooms are a bit insufficient and therefore somewhat dirty
Good coffee
Nice clean place.
The restaurant needs a facelift but it is still acceptable.
Clean at all times. The employees are courteous.
The first after the lines. He is fine.
Not very clean, but true to McDonalds
Very well located: close to customs.
There are a lot of people ~ moving fast
By the way, I loved asking on the electronic blackboard.
The service is fast and the people are nice.
Very bad and sweet mc muffin, (green bad)
consistent with what is expected of a Mc Donald
They show and have false advertising when they show, they do not sell what they show
It's not the same coffee as in Canada.ï¿½ï
What to say it's a Mcdo, very recent
Good service and very clean
They mess up the orders a bit.
+ 30 minutes to get served ï¿½ï
Recently renovated .... Very good
Very good
Very good for the circumstances
Very good quality price
Very good
Alright
Tookos with impact na ideology
Been coming to this Mc Donald's every time I'm in the area never had a bad experience till today, I ordered a double quarter pounder with cheese meal, by far the Greasiest Burger I've ever had in my life nasty.
Everytime I order from here something is always wrong. I ordered uber eats today and my fries are half gone the sauces I ordered for my nuggets not in my bag. The fries are always an issue.
Clean space. OK service, only downfall is there   s missing items from the order and this has happened several times at this location . I ordered a meal and they almost forgot the drink that comes with it I had to ask for it. I got home checked the bag and no fries in the bag only the burger was in the bag   dis
Just passing thru and needed to use the restroom. Quickly realized I was not in the best part of town but could hold it no longer. A short line to order my small drink and fry, restroom is for customers, and get the code for the door. To my surprise, the restroom was stocked and clean. When I exited, I looked around and noticed how clean the rest of the area was. Maybe because so few of us dine in nowadays.  I know how hard cleanliness can be to achieve and maintain in this industry, so 5 stars to them. Best $5 pit stop ever, and I can not say the same for the coffee shop chain I frequent.
Ive gone to this location several times. And today was by far the most unpleasant visit I've had. It was just the absolute worst! I'm taking my Son to work and decide to stop and get him lunch, and as soon as I'm ordering through  the intercom , I can already tell the demeanor of the worker was comming off pretty rude.  Once. We approached the window , when I gave her my code for my McDonald's Rewards she right away got even more rude with her whole body and facial expressions and didn't want to take my code , but in a very bad mood overall. Her attitude was so unpleasant. Being a McDonald's customer for years, I Didn't appreciate her behavior , she just ruined my whole mood and day. Her manager came to explain to me the situation in a much calmer , respectful manner. I mean, thats all Griselda had to do. Employees like this need to get trained better on how to properly interact with customers. Once you're clocked in, you're clocked in and should be ready to go. Trust me. I know. I've worked in customer service for 18 years. So I hope this McDonald's location properly trains Griselda accordingly.
My burgers were made sloppy and the service was slow..
Drive thru line was extremely long so I went inside. Ordered at kiosk but it didn't  print my receipt so I didn't know my order #. Waited about 15 minutes for a sausage egg mcmuffin and small OJ. Several customers were waiting inside. At one point, the only cashier at the front walked away for about 5 minutes. Customers coming in and asking for help but no one came out. Finally got my order and it was barely warm. OJ had something floating around in it but I was already running behind so I just threw it away on my way out. Never going back to this one.
I would  Give this McDonald's 0 stars if I could they don't only forget your sauces for your nuggets but they give you a Burger with a paper still on the Patty cooked with cheese on it. I bit into my Burger and I chewed it right away I tasted the paper.. Took my Burger apart and found the paper that's on the Burger Patty before it's cooked . Be more careful. People could get sick if they eat that.  It would be nice if I could get my money back for this.
Everytime I order from here it is something they don't have, or my food is not great, I just ordered the other day 6 chocolate chip cookies and only got 5, and they had no apple pies, and tried to give me a blue berry I don't eat blueberry I'm allergic, like I  try to give them a chance because they close to my house but I quit.
"This location is horrible, 1, they assume you speak Spanish.
2, they made me pay e yea because they don   t know "
5 stars for excellent customer service. Ana and Alvaro were amazing and extremely patient with our order process.
"They almost always get my order right. Not today though. Ordered McMuffins and got this instead.

Update: still getting orders wrong. Dropped it to one star because the homeless people hanging out asking for money is getting out of hand. One guy started blocking you as you exit the drive thru to ask for change."
At this location the service is good and the restaurant is clean
Burger was not done feel sick ate a lot it was real soft I looked at it and saw this I ½
good place to eat and good quality food.
This place is slow. It takes forever to order and receive your food.
Big Mac and fries plus a drink for 6 dollars Really good thank you McDonald's app
The Egg sausage McMuffin is better and larger than in San Bernardino
"I'd give it a ZERO if I could. From the time I pulled in until the time I was handed I drink through the first window, I waited 22 minutes. I finally got so frustrated because nothing that I honked my horn to get their attention. When they realize that all I had was a drink she handed it to me through the first window and I drove around the people that were still waiting. It was a horrible experience! This is definitely not a place to go if you're looking for fast food. I could have done better with a local diner.
On top of that it was the worst tasting sweet tea I had ever tasted. There was hardly any ice so it was warm, it was mostly water and the flavor was like a mixture of regular tea and watered down sweet tea.
I can honestly say this is the worst McDonald's I have ever driven through.
if you enjoyed my review, please LIKE below, and as always, have an amazing life!"
Would give zero stars if I could. Food is always cold. Fries are never fresh. They literally tell you they are closed at 12 or 1 am,  If they don   t want to serve you they don   t and itï¿½
NICE SERVICE AND TABLES ARE CLEAN IS ALWAYS SOME ONE CLEANING IN SIDE AND OUT SIDE THAT'S REALLY GOOD  .
Honestly best customer service from Naisha thank you 
On 10/04/2022, at approximately 12:55 p.m., i ordered my food through the mobile order app. I entered curbside 5. After 15 minutes of no food being delivered, I walked into the store. I spoke to a manager and she told me my food was outside. I went outside, my food was no where. I went back into the store, i asked one of the curbside deliverers if I could please have my food as my lunch break was about to expire and I was going to be late. She stated she would check on my order. However, she had time to walk out with another gentleman that works at the Mcdonalds, walk outside, and give a good bye kiss. When I finally received my order 25 minutes later (1:15 p.m.), the bread on the big mac was soggy and my fries were now stale. Last to say, I ended up throwing away half of my big mac and all of my fries. This store needs a lot of help from corporate. A few weeks ago i bought 4 deluxe breakfast's over the weekend for the family and they gave me no syrup. Luckily I had syrup at home. Anyway, it'll be the last time I ever purchase anything at this store. I should have gone to jack in the box across the street.
They usually forget things like ketchup or sauces but today they ran out of fries. This was suppose to be large...
Food ios great, but the drive thru linesn are insane.
We placed  our order at 4:37pm, by the time we made it to pay for our order it was 5:07pm. They take their sweet time with accepting paying and giving the customer their orders. To make matters  worse our order was incorrect.  So we had to wait another 5min to get our order correct. Once we got our order our burger was EXTREMELY  sloppy! Careless job. If your employees  don't feel like working send them home. Theirs  no need to have lazy workers. Last time we come to this location!.......
Went through Drive Thru, in and out fast, back to my office in no time.
Eli the manager went above and beyond for Breakfast he deserves a raise for his willingness to give the customer patience and fresh food
Slow service, speaker wasn't working to order.  Plus the happy meal didn't have an option between boy or girl. I have two boys and we got a girl toy.
Very friendly crew, coffee is great,so is their big Mac.
Been coming to this McDonald   s a very long time, seen a lot of employees come and go, and the changes in the structure of the building itself. It was bad back in the day, but this crew is hands down the worst. Super slow service, and most do not know how to talk to customers. (This is to Management, your employees are pla
Was okay... Place is clean and the staff were nice. There was a crazy man in there making the place uncomfortable to be in. I think he threatened one of the staff members. I just got my two McChickens and then left before the cops came.
Horrible service. young cashier had addittude. Didn't want to give me the stuff I needed the cashier was in a bad mood. When I was eating my fries I noticed a fry was really black and dirty like it had fell on the floor and they picked it back up. Nasty.
Stopped by drive thru, long wait, more than 15 minutes, ordered two MC rib meals, $1.50 more expensive than McDonald's on Rosecrans. Last time I stop by 120& Figueroa
I just wanted iced tea and a mocha frappe. They were just what I needed. The service was seriously lacking how ever, the drive thru person was rude and seemed to not be able to understand my simple order although we were both speaking English and it seemed to be the only language that they spoke.
Well I love filet of fish and since I haven't seen my dog in a day and a half I spoil him I got him a couple of hamburger patties can't go wrong with that the fillets were delicious Hot buns toasted caramelized perfectly tartar sauce right on the center and the cheese was lined up correctly with the filet pattie. And if you've never tried McDonald's green salsa packets give it a try they are delicious
I feel like the food is okay but like if I had to go there every single day I would look he get tired of it and I just wouldn't like it oh that's my review on it but oh and also the people that do not listen
I only get the same thing for McDonald's fresh fries and McDoubles are triple cheeseburger
I spent more time waiting for my food than what it took me to eat it. 28min
Grand children and i pulled through drive-thru  and no one opened the pay window drove forward  like any other establishment two the payload window where I was  disrespectfully addressed. B.... made Manager come to the window and say, " we pay at the first window around here" and I'm like... if them lazy mofu back there get on their job, I would haven't  missed the opening. I'm business, just 'poor' management on that wing of town. I'm business,  Check your employees before you try and check the customer. And get nothing twisted I handled it better than I ever did in life.
Worse customer service for dinning area, they ignore you and take 5x as long as the drive thru even if yiu order on the app.....Avoid pick up or dine in......
"Management is terrible. They let one person handle the front counter ALONE.
Employees must hate working here and drive through is always packed. Takes an hour to get your food."
"I asked for my order to be prepared fresh & hot and it was the opposite the fries were hard and cold. McDonald's shouldn't serve fries unless there fresh & hot. Why do we have to request our food to be fresh, it should just be fresh off the press. These fast food places kills me and there getting worse.
Their customer service skills are poor, they have language barriers. I need to protest against these fast food joints."
"THIS MC DONALD IS THE WORSE ..IN INGLEWOOD,ALWAYS GETTING YOUR ORDER WRONG . A.VERY STINKY ATTITUDE WHEN YOU ASK FOR YOUR ORDER TO BE CORRECTED AFTER ORDERING A CARAMEL ICE COFFE WITH  SHOT OF ESPRESSO...I RECEIVED A CARAMEL FRAPPE NO SHOT.  A YOUNG LADY AT THE CASH REGISTER WHO AGREED.&.remakeb
TO
ME THROW IT AWAY  MANAGER COMES OVER TALInf  ABOUT OUT THE TRASH SHE NEEDS TO SEE IT BEFORE SHE FIX THIS MATTER...WHEN WILL THESE OWNER OF THESE MCDONALD TEACH THIER STAFF  PROPER MANAGEMENT HOW TO LEAVE THEIR PREJUDICE OUTSIDE THE WORK PLACE AND SMILE & Greet WITH PROFESS  RATHER THAN ROLLING YOUR EYE AND PLEAS EPLEASE MAKE SURE THEY CAN READ ENGLISH .....AFTER ALL ARE MONEY PAYS THIER SALARY..."
Busy and fast paced restaurant. They do have play area for children.
"It was an ok exp.i got to meet new people,and enjoy the company im with
As I Waite on my special other half
MY SISTER!"
Worst Mcdonalds I've ever been to. They take forever and horrible customer service.
"There were items on the menu they did not have, they  only 3 costumers in the lobby and it still took almost 30 mins. The people ordered before came back twice because items were left out the bag and/or order was wrong.My food was cold but I couldn't stay any longer. This is not the first time I had a bad experience at this location, I feel they need a new manager that can take care of business w/ employees, costumer service, and overall cleanliness. Lastly the young  lady that waited on me/us was very sweet and apologetic.
Thanks"
Cold fries, the order was wrong n missing items .
This location is extremely ghetto!! There is always homeless people in the drive way begging for money the staff has rude customer  service they are always crowded and the food is always sloppily put together cold or dry meaning they don   t use enough condiments and most importantly Management don ½
They didn't want to give me sauce for my nuggets and they didn't give me all my food and I live to far to go back I called and they wouldn't answer it's a lot of high school children in there the person at the drive thru never made eye contact with me he was on his phone the whole time I was paying for my food and the guy that walked up stomach was hanging out from under his shirt I gave one star but they don't deserve any
The mgr guess doesnt want to work. Told me that they dont open till 8am. Web and door show 7am. Going to jack across the street just got out the hospital haven't eaten since 9am yesterday.
This place is literally the worst mcdonalds I've had the unfortunate pleasure of eating from. They forget to add items into your bag and when you go back to tell them they apologize but do nothing about it, making your wait even longer. If I owned this mcdonalds I would definitely clean house and get somewhat competent workers.
What a horrible experience I had today, I came to order the spicy chicken nuggets  and also ordered a coffee with cream. The lady asked if I wanted the hot sauce for the spicy chicken nuggets and I said yeah  but, I never got the spicy sauce! My coffee had no cream in it, and it didn   t have any of those small packages of cream 
Pulled in drive thru at 1 50 am closing at 2 they left us there until closing time and didn't even come say they were closed. Such Aholes. We drove past all the employees sitting in the dining area chilling. Disrespectful as you know what! The ghetto shines at this dump
I hate to leave any fast-food spot a 1 star, dont feel right but when they finally get my order right at the screen, pull up to the first window, order still wrong we finally get it right and repeats it back to me, as I pulled up to second window, order was wrong and put the blame on me. Was over it at this point. Was only trying to buy 2 cokes and 3 McDoubles, no special requests.
Good staff weren't demanding or rude will come be coming back to this restaurant
Usually the lane in this location is crazy long but we thought we got lucky today because the lane was short. We placed our order and drove to the window to pay. We waited for about 3 minutes to be acknowledged. A young lady with a yellow shirt possibly a manager was facing her back to the window and she talked to the cashier. It took for me to honk in order for her to open the window to take my payment. Not once did she say anything to us. Not a greet nor an apology. Just took my credit card and gave me my receipt. I drove to the next window where another young girl was. She gave me my food and I asked her if the lady in the yellow shirt was a manager and she said yes. I then asked her for her name and she has the nerve to say " I actually don't know her name I just got back but I'll ask". What??? How do you not know who the manager on duty is. I left. The service was extremely poor for no reason at all. I ordered 2 happy meals and a nd chicken. I think that's an easy order. Horrible service. The manager did not look happy. As a matter of fact she seemed unhappy. She chose to work retail and chose to be a manager.
This is a nice location to go and grab a quick meal or snack. The lines are not usually that long and the restaurant itself is usually very clean and comfortable. We often go there. I definitely recommend this location to anyone who likes McDonald's. The prices of course are also very reasonable and the turnaround time is usually very fast. Two thumbs up.
I told her exactly what I wanted but she still somehow took the wrong order. Not only that but when I told her this is not what I asked for she said yes it is instead of just saying okay let me fix the order. The people who work here need a better attitude towards their customers.
I didn't like my visit there my french     were col
The kids like mc donald its no longer the place for me. The felo fish isnt no where the same as it was years ago. The fries also were very well liked. They are nit worth the bag they're served in.
They have the worst service. I went there yesterday and i ordered a sausage McGriddle add cheese and bacon. They gave me a biscuit and i told them the correct order. They told me to park and we waited about 10 min and they gave us the sandwhich but it was a bacon and egg McGriddle     ½. I told them the order again. I waited another 10 minutes and like 3 people came out and asking what my order was and the manager said oh an egg McGriddle like no...where did i say anything about eggs in my sandwhich and that took more time. It took 4 people to get the order right. Not to mention the wait. And on other days i come here the drive thru wait time is 20 min to 1hr. I used to work there and it is literally the worst location and it ½ï
It took about 40 minutes to get to the window to order the food.. ok... then it took another 10 or 15 to get the food. The lady was very nice, and took my order correctly... the one who served the food, is the one I have a problem  with. Ordered 2 large combos of big mac. Just to get one big mac and a fish fillet... I mean... (called to see what you can do about it, no answer) If you guys are understaffed you can hire me to do the orders CORRECTLY! Food for thought. And merry Christmas to everyone.
I came at 5am, when they open, and the doors were still locked. I waited 2 minutes because I saw someone walking around then called the store and she let me in. She wasn't very friendly. I gave her a good morning and a smile. I don't remember if I got a good morning back, but definitely didn't get anything close to a smile. It is opening and the place is filthy, from the floor to the tables to the restroom. Whoever closed the night before didn't even wipe the tables, so it's a bit understandable why she is irritated or whatever, but lady I'm not the one who left it like that so give me the smile you are paid to give me. It's literally your job. Plus smiling releases hormones that make you feel better. Thanks. ½ï¿½ï¿½
This McDonald's is ridiculously slow. Poor customer service and they have turned fast food into extremely slow irritating food. People have been patronizing this McDonald's for decades and the service has only gotten worse. We deserve better treatment and service for our money! Stop going there until the service is improved.
Great place for well behaved dogs...the water is not on the other hand is not very clear... plenty of paid parking
I work there and they drop food on the floor and still serve it to you people. Half the time people don't even clean there hands often. And use old grease at times or expired veggie produce.  Sorry guys . They also treat workers like crap unless you kiss ass to them .
One of my fries had a booger on it. Never eating here or at another McDonald ½ï¿
0-.5 stars if I could. 25 min wait time for my drive thru order and they didn   t even give me the right o
Worst McDonald's experience I've ever had. Waited 45 for two double cheeseburgers. Nothing was done besides a annoyed "sorry" .Go anywhere else. It would be faster to drive to the store, go home, and cook your own burger. I will not return .
Horrible service. All the employees are always clueless. Came to pick up an order and the employee tells me order isn't ready so to park in the front. Waited 15 mins for another employee to come out and tell me that my order was given out already. Told him why did the other employee tell me they are still making my order and he is telling me it was given out already. Had no explanation. Made me waist 30 mins of my time.
Never any workers. Tried to make a delivery order at 8pm and they called to say it was close but the person picking up the order said it was open and on the website also said it was open and couldn't cancel my order
I went to get four spicy mcChicken with a happy meal and two mcRibs combo. I bought three drinks and they forgot to give me my happy meal and forgot the straws for my drinks. The bread for the mcChickens were Nasty. I understand is very busy but please pay more attention to the food and the service. We pay to eat fresh food not nasty breads. My friends and I went to the beach to have our meals and We couldn't enjoy our drinks because no straws. PLEASE PUT MORE ATTENTION!!!
Great place to eat..
This place needs a whole remodeling. The burger was rubbery and the out side was beyond filthy. My first tax paying J.O.B was McDonald's and I love giving positive feedback. The only positive energy was the lady who handed me my food.
They've completely missed my order a few times and I've waited there for around an hour and a half once for my order. I had gone the other day to get a burger and found a hair in it while I was eating it. I think they dropped the burger on the ground or something before giving it to me
I feel like they didn   t cook the fries all the way done !!! And the wait was about 20mins in the drive throw!!! And my bread for the burger taste old ! Like they cooked it this morning or something!!!!  ½
Very good
Slow service because there is few people working there at 8 in the morning. Janitor was nice to let us into the restrooms that require a keycode. It was mostly empty in the dining area, the line and the parking lot. There was however a very long drive-thru line.
The shift leader was a sweet heart  she delivered my food right on my tablet .. which I know they don't give that type of service but I really did appreciate it. . good job honey.  Keep up the great work
They get your order wrong 9 out of 10 times I go there..the always missing items. They also give you cold food...
The service was very poor. I order 5 deluxe, 3 coffees, 2 orange juices and 2 extra sauges and from that order we didn't got the coffee stirrups no forks no straws no ketup no syrup for pancakes and no extra sauces that I paid for. we had to go ask them for everything we need it.
Just ok. Service was very unorganized my order was messed up. The fries were burnt. Honestly it could've been better. The staff was overall and apologized before correcting the order. Just a basic mc Donald's if you're going through the drive thru make sure you double check the bag before driving away.
"Used by 5:23 a.m. but they're still selling it at 7:29 am

NOT GOOD"
Went there this morning around 0540 in the morning and the lady in drive thru  was extremely rude, had a nasty attitude n was frowning when i pull up to the window i honestly wanted to just leave n forget the order but is not the restaurants fault ... its ur employee she didn't give me a receipt.  She walked away b4 i asked for condiments i had 3 deluxe b fast n she didn't gave me no syrup  she gave me 2 ketchups . Her service was poor. I honestly didnt trust my food but i had to eat it.
Terrible Terrible quality of food and customer service. I have been living in this area for over 30 years, and have noticed the deterioration of this establishment.
It's a bad one go down the road to the next one.
This is by far the worst store in McDonald's. No one knows what is going on and the woman thatbwas iin charge had no clue what was going on. Sadly we will never chose this McDonald's again. We waited for 45 min for a 20 piece chicken nugget. Sorry to the very nice cashier who did everything she could but had no help from her coworkers or boss.
Yesterday was very bad the food was cold and hard and the service wasn't great either no napkins no utensils in the bag I was running late to work if not I would gone back and return everything
Great experience when I asked for more condiments twice other times some people get a bothered face x9 breath in breath out is my advice on that x)
They always messing up orders and my quarter pounder was ridiculous
(FRAUD ALERT     ½) On Saturday night I went through the drive thru, I payed with my credit card and the employee    accidentally    fo
Something is weird in this mcdonalds it feels like they steel your money , you order three items and when you're going to the window they come up that only they only charge you two items and the price is is weird, hi sweet Jess that at corporation Manor or something should do something or investigate something in the McDonald's because they will charge you a lot of money and give you a little items I don't know cuz we're in the food is not 100% quality is always old also the personal they always give you attitude like I mean they always give you attitude when you're trying to get something or if when they get wrong and you ask him to give you what you order they give you attitude right away.
Terrible service! My order was completely wrong but on my receipt it was right like how hard was to check the items your throwing together smh makes you upset
They always get my order wrong, make you wait for the item in the parking lot and never come out. One of male employees said it wasn ½ï
Make sure to check that got your order because they are always either missing my burgers, fries, or sauces. Not sure how when all they have to do is read the screen.
Daughter wanted the Travis Scott burger. She says it's a hit or miss with her friends. I ordered the newly freeze drink which gave me an adult "brain freeze" and it wasn't as sweet like the Icee back in the day. I wouldn't order it again.
Bro it was very badd service! It took 10-12 minutes in the drive thru just sitting for an order of 1 large iced tea And minute maid freezy
"I usually order McDonalds through the drive thru, but the line was very long so I decided to order inside since there was no line. Now I see why everyone orders at the drive thru.

It smelled really bad inside (like a restroom) and the ceiling was leaking behind the food service line which makes me question the quality of the food. On top of that there were homeless people lingering around. One asked me for money TWICE. Once before I ordered and once afterwards. The cashier also didn't know what she was doing, she kept asking the manager for help making service slow.

I would not recommend this McDonalds AT ALL."
It took 30 minutes to get my food the frys where cold so I had them make me some more which took extra time. I do not recommend stopping at this McDonalds for any reason. They also didn't have all the ingredients for my sandwich
Long drive through, but always worth that unique McDonald's taste.  The Filet O Fish with the humongous glob of tartar sauce that slides out (NO matter how hard you try) all over your shirt while you're driving.  One of my favorites.   As a favorite,  I feel I shouldn't have to--wait for for it....
Do not go to this Mc Donald's!!! It took over 20mins to get my food! I went to use the rest room with my kids and there is a homeless man washing his underwear in the sink! Then as we were looking for a table, there were people sleeping in the seats! The place was dirty, but the workers were nice. Over-all I would recommend the you pass this eatery by!! And confronted by gang members as I was leaving with my kids!!
Today i ordered two mcmuffin meal i asked for my sandwiches to be Specifically made a certain way I order my food pull up to the window she tells me to park out front and they will bring my order i waited outside for 15 minutes just for them to bring my drink the girl was sooo confused i asked her where is the food she said you didn   t get it i said no i gave her my receipt then she had the nerve to look in my car as if i was lying took another ten minutes to get my order i get home and my order was incorrect i spent 16.50 on extras on my sandwich that i didn ½ï
The worst service ever. Ordered 2 kids meal and 20 piece chicken nuggets and 6 piece chicken tenders. I ordered 2  barbecue honey mustard ketchup and ranch for my meals . All i got when i got home 1 block away was 2 honey mustard that i though i was asking as extra , nothing else not even ketchup !!!!!! Happened before but this really pissed me off!!!!!!
Wait time is too long and ordered french fries n it was cold
Great service when you specify your order clearly to the employees.
The food here has to be the worst I ever had. My big mac tasted like it was a Day old and the buns were hard as a brick. I didn't even try to ask for another one I just threw it away. Terrible.
Unacceptable, I ordered 2 Kids Meal from the drive thru from this location I didn't get the Nuggets for both kids meals, I went into the restaurant to speak with an employer they refused to replace my the missing items. my kids were unhappy. Having to pay and not receiving your complete order especially the main meal is unsatisfactory... Never coming to this Mc Donald's
Orders are being handed out not in sequence the cashier was excellent but the assistant in the light blue shirt who did not have a name badge and wouldn't write down her name for me was not the nicest person for your establishment if it was up to me and I knew she was going to be there I would not show up to your establishment ther just letting you know but your cashier was very good in taking orders the handout you need a lot of help there thank you and have a blessed day
I had excellent customer service and got my mc griddle hot and tasty.  Great food and people
drive thru is hell!!!! if you are thinking to go thru the drive thru... are you willing to spend 15-20 min?!?!? hell to the no! not just the drive thru is the issue but the fries is burnt and stiff, the coke is FLAT! also make sure to have cash because they will surprise you "at the moment we are not accepting card payment" pretty much thats my experience here...
This place is the worse!!! I went in @ 10:24 and just getting out 11:07 just for 3 sausage Mcgriddles , 2 hash browns, and a large orange juice and the young cashier left and went and stood outside for a bit then came back in,, the floors are nasty, the ppl have attitude, the drive thru is always crowded overflow into the traffic, ,,,, I have to void this place and move to a peaceful place in the morning for breakfast, ,,you suck McDonald's WHY!!!!
Don't ever come though the drive through. It takes so long to get your food. I'm waiting 30 mins and I can't even get out of here. I'm stuck in between cars. Please avoid this place and drive another 10 mins to the next McDonald's. Trust me it'll be a lot faster than ordering food here.
Don't really appreciate this part of town... But, when I crave McDonald's. I drive 21 miles one way, because they serve the best big Macs I've had. It truly is delicious.
Even with 2 lines for drive thru takes to long. I was on line around 20 to 30 minutes
This location is much better since they got dual drive thru lanes; it's much faster and efficient now. Sidenote: they never have salads!
McDonalds aint been the same since the end of 2011 when I noticed they went down hill and continue to slide to the bottom. Only people born in the 90's on back know how McDonlds use to be. They food is garbage. All fake and tasteless
Slow service, bad area after hours, not very safe to eat in, recommend drive through. the food is consistent for the most part. the staff is ok but can be better. getting in and out can be cumbersome. not the best place for a date or families. It's ideal for a quick stop and go only.
Slowest service ever. Order was cold and incomplete. Oatmeal was just a mush with the fruits separate. Pancakes had no butter or syrup. The eggs in the sandwich was burnt and cheese was not even melted. HORRIBLE, AVOID THIS LOCATION.
I didn't get my drink and who ever took my order!,, You're welcome . Be aware always double check  ½ï¿½ï¿½
The place was great, the person at the drive thru was so nice.
The worst McDonald's experience of my life they seemed confused and unprofessional they didn't know how long my order would take yet they where serving people after me they ordered and got their food then left meanwhile I waited 20minuits and had to leave without the food because every time I asked how long they ignored me and walked away without any answers would not recommend to anyone.
Very bad service, Employees were so rude not only to me but to others. They had 5 workers 1 lady in the back cooking 1 young girl taking orders and 3 workers on one phone laughing. When my daughter finally got her meal her food was literally just toss to her.
Although the two drive thru lines were pretty long when I got there,  the service was very fast and accurate.
A nice new remodel , could use more staff ,a little slow
Always a disappointment. Asked for fresh hot fries they were not fresh but somehow I had to pull over and wait for an ice coffee because they had to get the milk.They took so long I asked for money back!!
Wow only if this had a negative scale index because I would've given this particular McDonald's a negative -5 for the service and upkeep.. The food was cold and they had around 3 people passed out and drooling on the table 1 in the restroom some lady which my daughter could not use the restroom fire the entire visit.. Any ways this place needs help
worst speed  and service, waiting more than half hour for a order, don ½
This is the only McDonald's that is close to my house, but honestly I don't really like it... For some reason they are always slow. The drive-thru is always packed.
I ordered an eminem mcflurry and so they charged me. After they charged me I waited 10 mins just so someone can come and tell me that they didnt have mcflurry. Like why tf would you charge me and make me wait?
I wouldn't recommend McDonalds food to anyone for what should be obvious reasons . Stopping there was not my idea. Although, charging only a BUCK for a large soft drink was avery, very, very SMART move.  I'm sure millions go in to purchase a pop/soda & end up spending maybe on average say $5.00
"It was the worst! I ordered my food from the machine I paid at 1:31pm at 2:00 i was just getting my food and i was quite upset everyone there was upset once i spoke to the manager she was no help they only had one person making the food, and from where I was standing they were only giving the food to the drive through customer.

So I received my food and the fries were cold and I ask for fresh food, so they took the cold fries and I waited again when CDC the manage gave me a new bag I thought the order was correct I made it to my car and I went to eat some of my fries and it was a small fries and it had a toy in the bag, so now I am so mad I just drove off and I called and let them know and the lady that answered she told lj e to bring my recipe and they would take care of it. DONT GO TO THE MAC DONALD ON CENTERY AND FIG THE WORST SERVICE. THE MADE MECRATE I DID NOT WANT TO GIVE THEM A STAR BUT IT WOULD NOT LET ME POST WITHOUT GIVENVTHEM ONE STAR."
Wrong order... waited on the drive through 20 minutes and another 30 wait g on my order.. like 15 other people were there also complaining about they're order ... never going there again..
Their food was good and they had something for my birthday
McDonald's can go away have you had the big mc with the small as patty its all to oneside and the other side is all buns get home and those skinny fries are hard and cold mc donalds will never get my money ever again that's just me.
Nasty bland no flavor, meat undercooked no salt on fries.  No shakes no ice cream. Morning staff gave me muffin with no patty.this location needs help. And or new staff. Management is doing. Poor job.
Very slow and not friendly or customer service oriented
It was the worst experience, they didnt have anymore fries, took a long time to take orders, no sauce inside the bag
We were out and about and we stopped to pick up some refreshments. The service was excellent, and the place was clean and well-kept... I would highly recommend it.
Clean and modern inside.
They have great service and are fast at handing out fresh and hot food. They are also really good at solving issues to assure customers get the best service.
It was very clean inside. The service was friendly, fast and helpful. The food was fresh and tasted good. My order was correct when I received it.
This place is super slow at the drive thru i was in that line for 50 min to get a simple happy meal for my kid this is not part of a fast food restaurant with that kind of time
Always is a long waiting time I expend 37 minutes in the drive thru only for one happy meal don't visit this McDonald's unless you like to wait more then 30 minutes.
Latoya was so awesome, she was patient to walk me through how to use the app
Service was fast and good. The line was long at drive-thru but not much u can do about it
More than 20 minutes for fast food and we kept getting skipped. Management needs to improve. Drive through workers are extremely rude.
My food was cold and very messy my drinks were watered down with no ice and because of the pain didn't make the diner is not open so you have to go through the drive-thru and the drive-thru is so crowded you don't want to get back in line is very disappointed makes me not want to go back to that McDonald's again
I Just wish , When I asked for ten Sugars , I can get 10 sugars in my coffee, one day it tastes like I ain't have none then the next that tastes like they put too much now I can seriously say when I go to McDonalds they put 10 sugars it tastes just right
Unfortunately food was cold and was missing a lot of things
I know it's fast food but can the coffee not be so damn watered down I should have asked for a water cup in that case . My ice coffee was nothing but water with sugar. Waste
Very slow compared to other McDonald's. Very cheap. Ran out of coke, no box for my happy meal, 3 different crack heads came up to me begging.
They remodeled this McDonald's and they tried but the neighborhood in the area is just to get all. The staff tries its best but the people who live in the area just trash this McDonald's so bad. Everytime I go there I never dine-in I take my food to go it's so bad in there.
"Mc donals its ok but the inside omg !
Crazy people
sleeping , screaming , it stinks like hobos theres blankets in the chairs and bikes everywere including the restrooms
And  hallways  its loud with diferent music and there always someone screamin to each other inside not save enviroment for kids or teens."
They use freeze tactics to keep the homeless out but forget about the paying customers. WAY TO COLD to eat here and i prefer 70 and below temp.
You can't go wrong right. Cheap good food. Those fried. Chocolate Sunday. Big Mac. Double Quarter Pounder. In a rush. Use the mobile pickup. Order ahead of time and go to drop off.
I love McDonald's this place is so professional and you always get top grade food
The worst costumer service ever on the drive thru cxs have to wait up to 1/2hr or more its been like that always and the general mngr never does anything about it always long lines and to top it of bad CX service specially by a Lady that most of the times takes orders in the 3 yrs I've known this place the only thing that has change is the decor nothing else.
"I have never been to slower McDonald   s in my life ! All the staff sit back and gossip while we wait about 20 min for just one burger...
If yo"
Very nice staff. They just forgot our order.
This is the most slowest McDonald's ever and how do you advertise eating around the world or whatever it's called and have a ice cream that looks very good but can't try it cause the ice cream machine is forever broken just false advertising and poor time management
I typically buy drinks only from McD's.  The app allows me to get a lot of deals if I decide buy food. However, I wish the quality of the food was healthier.
The drive-through is so slow. Went at night and saw that the line was long but I figured it'll be moving. . . Nope. I was third to last and was in the same spot for like 15mins. It was ridiculous. I ended up backing up and leaving.
Come here several times and some people here being having an attitude and just very slow service
Last time I got my kid a happy meal with 6 peice chicken nuggets and when I got home my kid said cookie they placed a cookie inside the box of chicken nuggets didn't go back and complain because I thought it was funny but this place needs help ..so slow
It seems like Uber Eat Is Way More Important Than The Actual Customer's. Thay Are Standing In Line Waiting To Be Helped..
Thai McDonalds is disgusting. The bathrooms were horrific, with no toilet paper in the stalls (not even a toilet paper dispenser). And filthy tables. Additionally, there were individuals loitering outside cat-calling people walking by. Avoid if possible.
One of the worst McDonald's restaurants  that i ever visited.the air conditioning doesnt work. The service was poor only 1 attendant working the cash register and the line was filled with angry customers who grew inpatient with the workers who worked for that McDonald's
It's always crowded and the food quality gets lost I rather wait than have food that's not nowhere near good
Is a good place gor Take a moment to relax
Really dirty but the employees are very nice.
Never Ever Go to that Mc Donalds or any other Mc Donalds.  They Are Horrible.  Go to Farmer Boys 2 miles down the Road. Youll Much Happier
Worst customer service ever , ugliest attitudes ever , what a disappointment and disgust
This McDonald is horrible. I bought a quarter pounder with cheese and the meat was not cooked. I went back the next day for breakfast a sausage mcmuffin with egg. The top was the mcmuffin top and the bottom was a bisquit.
Damn good coffee! Can't digest 2 for $4.00 sausage and egg on English Muffin. Too much old grease on sausge and egg!
This McDonald's is one of the worst McDonald's I have ever been to in my whole life and I've been to a lot the food was cold no sweet tea ever and they take forever and worst of all they don't even care how anyone feels about anything I think this place should be torn down
I will give it more stars but they're. slow on the drive thru and if i don't ask for any ketchup or any sauce i won't get any
I JUST SPENT 30 mins IN THE DRIVE THRU. THE LADY AT THE WINDOW HAD PRACTICALLY NO EXPERIENCE AND SOMEONE ELSE TOOK OVER FOR HER AFTER 20 MINS OF WAITING FOR HER TO TAKE MY ORDER.
Currently it's drive-thru only and this is the second time that they forget items on my order. This time I decided to return to get my full meal as ordered. Unfortunately, I found that this would cost me more in time and frustration. I need a new franchise close to me...
I considered 3 stars for the food temperature (hot)but giving I waited 26 mn in line  I was not accepting anything less. I'm not sure of the cause but clearly this location needs a time assessment!
Bad service
"I really dont like coming to this mcdonals bt cause is close to my house i always end up going there..I figure if I   m spending gas & time to go else were minus well spend time waiting there ..
this mcdonalds is the worse, the fact that t"
One of the worst McDonald's I've been to. Bathrooms locked and looked trashed. Food was hot but drink seemed like it was sitting around before given to us.
They closed the drive thru early and would not take my order made me sit in the line for 15 mins before speaking and telling me there closed at 1:55
Went for a pick up and took over 20 minutes to get the food, Three other customers got there after me and got their food before me.
Order #2 breakfast combo I get to my job site and noticed hash brown was missing don ½
It quick fast and easy didn't have no issues with the food I ordered
It's clean but a transit hub for the "transit people" . I took the bus there myself hahaha, but I'd like to imagine I'm not ugly.
Place says it closes at 2am instead they block the window with cones 5min prior... unacceptable open to close is just that. Management here needs to be evaluated
Sits on a street known for heavy prostitution. Drug addicts hang around the parking lot and shopping center. The cashiers are excellent. They have security on hand. The food is terrible though.
Drive-thru line looked long, but moved really quickly, my order was even ready at the first window!
Got home and half my order wasn't in the bag, the peppermint ice coffee tasted like it came off a lunch truck, always check your bag..!!
Horrible service not only did I get the wrong order it took a long time to correct it and she put my cream and sugar inside my coffee when I asked for it out
Fries were cold, service ok, the kiosk machine wasn't working right, this place needs a change in it been like this for a long time.... Better service and fresher food...
I'd it wasn't for homeless person resting inside would be very good.
"This is the worst McDonald in food quality
My drive thru experience was awful.  Missing items,  no ketchup even though I asked for it. Anyway  ... Not a location to visit again."
It was cool but the bathroom was nasty!!
"Very slow restaurant
15 min for a happy meal i though this was a fast food restaurant"
I had Order sweet tea with no ice with lemon when i got my order the tea unsweet with ice and no lemon employees was lack on my order
The drink is not full!! No matter is light ice
Bad service sweet tea was not sweet, food was cold, but except for French fries they were popin hot and just they right amount of salt
Went through the drive thru food wasn't ready when I got to the window had to pull around and wait for half my order.. while waiting the other half got cold
GET THE APP AND SAVE COOL OFF BY GETTING ICE CREAM CONE OR ICE COFFEE
This MCD is always missing some of your food, and or condiments why ask what sauce do you want if the morons at the window don't give em' to you. But they want a raise right?
Stopped n 4 breakfast sandwiches  &  coffee (horrible)
Slowest McDonald's we've been to. They're usually so fast, so we decided to stop here when in a hurry. This one was very slow
This particular location has a narrow drive thru which is connected to the parking lot. Service is nice, but it closes at 12am whxih sucks  ½
Customer service and the attitudes they have with customers needs work. Great food,  slow workers but other than that great atmosphere.
The service is great especially if you pre-order via the app. The place is kept clean
Never ordered food here. We usually stop by to order the kids meals toys. It's usually during Thier busy periods. Staff is friendly though.
Mc Donald's has a contract with Uber to give all drivers free coffee this one does not.
I ordered a unsweetened black tea. I was told to wait outside for my tea meanwhile it brewed... I waited well over 10min nearly 15min in the hot sun and got tired of waiting and drove home.
Came in early in the morning service Wells fast and courteous food was fine it was hot and everything is cooked perfect
It   s always packed. Driv
Love the food but they take a bit too much in the drive thru
They always take a long time at this location.  I have to come here because it's the closest to my house and it needs to be warm for my kid, otherwise I would go somewhere else!
Their food is pretty standard for McDonalds. The employees are friendly. The service is consistently slow.
Good place to eat and chill! Has Wi-Fi
Took too long and did not give me all of items
Hot cakes and sausage plate
Horrible aggressive customers, I feel bad for the employees. Long lines inside and out. Efficient employees at the time I went.
I don't care for this place, But my daughter love it
Thee worst! Ice tea is horrible,  customer service is horrible,  and so nasty, no matter how many chances you give them,  you still get disappointed. Everytime
Adequate seating when I ate there pre-covid...haven't been there since 2018!
Was in line for 15 minutes did my order was wrong
Only 5 cars ahead and we waited at the drive thru over 25 minutes before we gave up. And after all that time, there were still 2 cars ahead of us!!
Takes to long to get one cup of coffee in the morning I drive to a McDonald's 4 miles over just because they know time is money ï¿½ï
Tooooo slow, rudeness, not a scence of customer service, restrooms are horrible and the wait is over 30 minutes.
It's okay for a quick bite but after 1am they only serve breakfast or at least that's what they told me at the one on Imperial and Figueroa
Slow service on the Drive thru, 21 min. Waiting time, just one car ahead of me, at 11pm. Why?
McDonald's is so much better this days you can place your order and pay for it without waiting in line.... 
Very unsatisfied the line was long moving very slowly they only had one window open so the same person that was charging was bagging the food and when I got home I was missing two items
As good as McDonald's can be but at 1:30 in the afternoon it took way too long to get through the drive through line.
Waited 30 whole ass min for a drink , way to crowded . managers give attitude . people working slow , lines always be long because cashiers aleays leaving the register .. Bad service
Worst Mcdonalds I have ever been to. Really rude employees and they take FOREVER for the simplest happymeal order.
Literally asked the cashier to make sure my fries had salt when I placed my order.... got my order and you guessed it... fries were saltless
Took 20 mins to get through drive through and food was cold. Not the best
Didn't have all menu items, fries weren't freshly cooked. Service remarkably slow.
Easy to get in and out.
"Drive thru is the worst!!!
Sitting here for ten minutes an have not moved
Saturday at 1:50pm 8/25/18

Five cars in front of me, if I could I would leave!

Never again"
Crowded and service not very good. They gave me the wrong drink and no ketchup for my fries
I been to this McDonald's twice the first time they wer kinda slow but I like the nice peaceful clean environment looks freshly remodeled
Dining was closed service was real slow with two lanes
They originally messed up my order but I came back and let them know it was unacceptable and they gladly replace my order and gave me a free oreo Shake
took a little long in the drive thru but i understand we going thru a epidemic
#1 large size with a Coke, 6 piece nuggets with 2 sweet/sour and 1 hot mustard!  
Inexpensive food on the go. Wish they have a faster time of service.
Walk up options love it most places right now is just drive thru
Drive thru take 30 or more minutes.  Waiting inside take to long to get your food. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone that in a rush...
Kim makes sure You feel really Welcome. Our kids simply love her.
WAITED 45 MINUTES FOR MY FOOD AND WHEN I FINALLY GET MY FOOD THE FRIES ARE OLD AND THE PATTIES ARE STILL FROZEN . BTW THERE WAS A HOMELESS SLEEPING RIGHT NEXT TO ME  NEVER GOING TO THIS MC DONALDS AGAIN
Very slow 20 min in the drive through and haven't gotten my food yet.
I eat a Sunday with caramel at this location regularly. I also order hot chocolate there on some early mornings. Yum.
I like the service and the food was really good and hot
The cashier was extremely patient when I allowed my son to order his own meal.
Excellent fast makes Served quick Taste great thank you have an excellent day . 
Tajanay i think thats how you spell her name, she is about the only one that shows respect when coming thru the drive thru, no attitude or anything 
The food was good..but the service was lousy it took almost a half hour just to receive my order which was only a burger fries and drink
The worst I went to this location last night to get some chicken nuggets and fries they had mine food just sitting while waiting for another person in front of me by the time I got my notice they were hard cold couldn't even eat them I'll never go to this McDonald's again
They were very slow and it took me 20 min to get my food in the drive threw and they ain't prepared and on top of there orders they slack off (bad review)
It was awful the service sucked I spent 20 minutes trying to get a McFlurry Harbor Place if you're in a hurry three people came after me and left way before me
Mc double with mac sauce is the bizz with a large sweet tea! oh yessss my fav. slow servie but fresh food
Disgusting food.  McDonalds is horrible these days.  Food prepared like it was thrown  together by animals..  ZERO STARS
Great services food was fresh
The drive thru is ALWAYS Long and takes 4ever. REMODELED BUT STILL SLOW INSIDE AND OUT
i dnt really eat out..but i went there very good on the crispy chicken burger..very nice workers.
They are very very ghetto...they take 4ever to do orders too....no kind of customer service...need to have customer training service...too many youngsters....orders are always a mess up...need to be aware of folks coming up to your car asking for change...service is slow inside too....
Slowest drive thru ever never will i come to this mofo take 30 mins for what.....
Poor service. Need new management and workers
Drive thru always packed but they have great customer service.
Ordered a quarter pounder and got a fish fillet instead smh messed up my order
Good food fast and fresh and friendly attitude
The food is good but sometimes they do not complete our food
It took just a little while longer to get my food ready but overall it's okay.
Drivethru is usually packed, but moves at a decent pace. Food is usually hot &  ½ï¿½
Waited for 25 minutes for a cup of coffee after telling the manager about my order she didn't know about and she was taking orders bad customer service don't stop here.
Service was extremely slow  and order was incorrect.  Employee that gave me the order was very nice and corrected the order.
They have the best sausage McMuffin with egg and I love the deluxe breakfast
It was a very good interview with Eric. I will be excited to work there if hired. ½ï¿½ï¿½ï
They need to learn how to treat people better talk to people better hire better team members and managers.
It wsas a bad service for a breakfast just waiting for 10minutes in line to order
Busy place. Love the customer service the managers could help the crew sometime
Love McDonalds.  Especially the sandwiches with bacon.  Great atmosphere, friendly staff. Very polite. Efficient.
Quick service and got order right. Customer service can improve.
Lady at the drive thru made a mistake and we talked to her we we're courteous, and she mad dogged and had an attitude.
Service sucks and they take forever for preped food
Probably the most unprofessional staff ever. They tried to justify they close early by multiple  reasons and  ½ï¿½ï¿
It's ok but the speaker doesn't work so good !
Where service ever Will not go back there again bed service lazy workers S on scent that songs imperium figoroa and. On figoroa,
If I could give zero stars I would I   ve been living here for the past year and service hasn ½ï¿½ï¿½ï
It always smell never clean take long time to complete my oreder and  the people there never smile and talk very low
This place is pathetic. We tried to get a late night meal but apparently it stops at 12am. As we tried to order some other drinks, and they claim that the soda machine is down. Epic fail.
Slowest drive thru ever longest lines they need faster workers
They have a terrible set up there with their drive-thru. A very long wait.
Terrible, slow drive through, Horrible service. It might not be the worst,..  but its close.
The worst customer service ever never get order right they get annoyed when you are trying to see what you want your push to make an order with having the time to decided awful
Its Mac Donalds great for kids not so  much adults had my stomach tumbling all night.
It's fine but I have to wait for my food a little longer
For fast food it was slow and really not clean like trash
It took 50 minutes to receive my order dining in. There was no organization and to top it all off the food with cold what a waste of $27 sorry Ronald maybe next time
Love their coffee! I roam throughout LA and it's Worst one in the city as far as service.
Service was great during my visit. Food was fresh.
Man...  most of the time this place this place it's slow...   not as efficient as other mc Donald's I've visited
Everybody in the restaurant does not know how to add or subtract. I hate this place! Negative -0 stars
Good place..... Nice food ... I have to say a 4 will do
Crappy service.  Couldn't get anything right about a simple order. And false advertising on the time frame or deals. DONT GO HERE.
This mcdonald is horrible. Bad costumer service through drive thrue . i do not recommend this mcdonald to anyone . I hate this mcdonald and will always hate it . Kay  .kay
McDonald's is a place where it's hard to get what I want the way I want it without having to wait extra time. The problem is that they put onions on everything.
Dude literally we ate raw meat once we took a bite !!  ½ï¿½ï¿½ï
Person that took my order cashier, she was very nice. McDonald's on Long Beach and Imperial.
It seem like every one was on some type of drug jus didn't seem like they zombies
They built a new line much faster who is jackniff?
Ordered a meal the only thing that was bad was a fries there were hard felt like I was chewing on rocks never get fries here especially at night time
They left us waiting for over 30 minutes
"Wow! (The "WOW EXPERIENCE"(c)by Professor Bobby Chalk It's sooogood!
Too long at the drive through line, it was more than 30minutes, I got really mad...
I like this location. Great staff good service
I ordered fish falete ,small fries , and two sausage and egg biscuit . And they forgot my small fries
This Mcdonalds always takes a long time. Their managers are always rude as well.
Didn't have any more packs of peanuts for the sundaes... Disappointing and this is at 7 pm!
Management need more training they dont know how to direct their employees
One of the best mc donalds ive been to in awhile.
Waiting time is long
The drive thru has a very slow service even when there is no line
F***** up service the night crew always runs out of whatever u need something is always missing as a matter of fact I went and complained and the girl at the window got mad after I told her I was missing half my order.
Some of the vacuums do not have good suction, too many tape "repairs" on them.
Rude service, inconsiderate, unprofessional,
Im not sure if its this mcdonalds but lately alit of mcdonalds havent been having dr.pepper
The service is given correctly, but the floors are sticky on many play grounds
Really bad ugly services
Very disappointed, no pankes for breakfast, no hot sauce, manager very rude I forgot her name
Good good ! Love love Mcdonald's French fries & Mocha Hot coffee
Transient beggar IN THE DRIVE THRU HASSELING PATRONS and no staff did anything about it. Worst experience ever
quick fast and safe personal had on gloves and face mask
A much needed effort in prompt customer service and cleanliness.
Eggs always smell rotton but the hot cakes  ½ï¿½ï
I love there Mc flurry and fries.
3 o'clock in the morning and I had to wait 40 minutes in the drive thru, it makes no sense at all
VERY FAST SERVICE. HOTTEST BURGER EVER. JUST LIKE I love them!!!
No order in. Covid 19 you sure did a number on us.
They dont give ranch or buttermilk unless u order nuggets thumbs down lol
You forgot to tell people their is very few 24 hour Mickey Dees... And when u find one open.....very limited on drinks.
"Slowest Drive thru and inside is slow too, they don't accept debit in Drive thru!!!"ýýýý ýýý
It was clean and efficient. Wish they had plugins for travelers.
They focuses on coffee or sodas refill to much to a point they ask you for recip of purchase
Drive thru is always always packed and your order isn't fresh
They are So So ,but still Slow service
The service was excellent and the food was hot, not cold anf stale.
They take a long time to give the food.
There was a long line at the drive through.
I wanted something on my stomach and my granddaughter had a happy meal
Love the new order n paid once is in progress u order
It was little bit good has little bit experiences
Amazing staff and the food is great I adore their fries
Order are never ready , dinnin always close for some reason
I think they changed manager it's faster and more alert
Staff very friendly, but dinning room always has some sort of commotion going on...
I went for ice cream for a late night craving and wasn't disappointed
Took a long time to have my food ready in the drive thru
Excellent customer service. Fast drive through
What stands out more than the very slow service is the bad attitudes of 90% of the employees in front of the house.
poor service missed a sandwich no cream or sugar for coffee
My Grand Big Mac was dry and the meat was hard. I will not go there again
I love the food and the good customers service
The Crispy chicken sandwich wasn't crispy at all.
We been on the drive through line 20 mins and it hasnt moved
When I was young. My Mom & Dad would take all us kids to McDonald's for family night out.
It was a good experience and the fries were piping hot. Cant beat that.
Trash Service. The Bag with my food in it had some type substance on the bag that got my hands.
It was okay, but crowded! It was nice for a good Saturday morning!
When I'm up early in the morning,I can't stop there for early meals,so I'm lead to go to 711 store.
Its actually the only Mc donalds that surved me a burger that looked like the picture.
A little overrated but good
I find it scary sometimes... They take forever with the orders.. Nearly 30 Min wait..
Never has my caramel macchiato always says machines not working
I got the 2 chicken sandwiches for $3 very good
Good I like this place almost everyday I go to this McDonald's
Bad service never coming back here drivetrhu.super slow.
It only took 5 minutes, Not bad to be honest.
Line horrible long fries cold sandwich awesome
If we're talking about the Mickey D's on Wilmington...no comment shut this place down!
They never get your order right not even when you tell em at the counter NO CHEESE..IDIOTS
Food is horrible, never fresh...only get drinks from THIS McDonald's
Hope u can help with more because the amazon people get lost a lot around here in this apartment project
Faster and better service great job
More than a 20 minute wait poorly staffed.might be because of halloween
..! Mm The Coffee Is Good And Food,&, Local Very Cleaning.
A lot of people through the drive-through the take to long to help people in sight the same thing they're slow
Takes too long to get your order. The person  taking your money always look mad.
Looney Toons is at Mackey D's
Fries are nice and them bacon burgers smack doe
Food is the same just like at any other McDonald's.
Excellent service. Manger Melissa was very kind and helpful.
The sausage and egg and cheese McMuffins always hit the spot for me
I only get drinks here McDonald's has bad food google there ingredients to the meet beware McDonald's is trying to knock us all off
Great people working here, God bless.
Good fast service
As always good food good prices and clean
Not a full menu ..there's no chicken sandwich at 10:30 pm ..
There women's restroom needed to be cleaned desperately, I had to report it to the manager
Longest line ever.  And k only wanted fries and oreo mcflurry
You'll be attacked in the drive-through and management does nothing.  Unsafe.
Prices are to high and lines are to long for quality of food
The soda Cola taste like water every time I come here
I just come here to get happy meals for my kids
the slowest mc donalds in the hood.... they dont care about us
Great service. Nice kids play area.
Love them Mac chicken sandwich, Big Mac ½ï¿
Fast swift professional fresh food convenient luncheon spot
Very long lines training new staff but pleasant interaction overall
Slowest drive thru i ever been in.Customer service was horrible.
Scary parking lot. Too many transients making deals.  Awesome food
Waited in line for 25 mins only to get to speaker and someone comes on and says CASH ONLY,       REALLY???
They had No Filet Fish today,that what I came there for
Was very  slow and was not clean, homeless in and out asking  for money and not food
Bun was dry and fries seemed like they were sitting for a while
They take their time a little too much.
The drive thrue line is always so long. The night shift is so slow
Ok for a quick bite, attendance are kind slow
Drive thru is bad especially the wait no matter how many cars there is.
45 minutes to 1 hour in drive drive thru, I don't get it.
Good service and the location is very clean.
It happens at all McDonald's
This . place . socks too many homeless ,.the.owner.is.very rude . with . The customer so no . respect.
Bad service didn't get my order complete.
The shakes are great. Busy but never a wait
When I come here the food is always hot.
Take to long to serve you took 30 mins
Best customer service.especially by this cute guy name nelson
There drive through waits are ridiculously  ½ï
The food is good customer service is okay
I always take long. And always mess up on your orders.
Delicious breakfast, and beautiful lady with green hair at the 2nd window
My baby girl love there Happy meals
Another BAD experience at this McDonald's! It makes no sense the things they do!! Pray, pray pray!!
stale fries had to ask for remake there oil wasnt filtered good enough
Good for a quick bite. The burgers are overpriced tho.
Bad service not a good McDonald's to come n eat!
The staff was a bit rude and the tables were dirty
McDonald's has some great fries and great fish fillet
Mc Donald's is good for some things when you are in a rush.
The bums outside make you not want to come here and the service was slow
This is the Devil of fast food and my family loves
Not enough staff too accommodate for their clientele
They gave me the wrong food
Was not opened for dining but drive thru
Nasty bathrooms & vagrants/homeless people which is very uncomfortable.... be aware of your surroundings
Cashier nice & thick  
I met what i believe to be the owner of Mc Donalds and believe everything is back to business.
McDonald Employees are so nice here!
The place was filthy,  the ladies room was closed,  and I  paid Starbucks prices at a crummy McDonald's.
great service
Food order wrong. 1 person taking orders and serving drive up orders and counter. To long of wait.
You know Mykid's is good to the last drop.
Service  was good employees are always  polite
Super busy but also super Fast!
Drink machine disgusting I just wanted Sweet Tea ugh!
Burgers very good. Buns fresh..meat very tasty.
all the employees speak spanish and there was homeless people farting inside
Drive thru was great
Wonderful place to eat good quality food
Slow as freaking molasses.. Customer service sucks too
I just wanted to use the restroom and got kicked.
To many people, the place is so nasty and slow service.
Their smoothie is next to heaven 0
Always a pleasure to dine in good service
Their service and products are excellent and superb.
This is one if the nastiest McDonald's EVER ... The service here is TERRIBLE
Only good thing is their coffee.
Poor service didn't receive what I ordered ï¿½ï¿½
Slow drive through everything else is fine
Gives just 1 coffee refill becythe neighborhood is poor. Lame.
Wonderful experience, great customer service.
VERY CONVENIENTLY PLACE SPECIALLY IN THIS STRESSFUL TIME. THANKS  
Clean but too expensive for fast food.
Busy but not speedy....but accurate
Fast and friendly. Usual McDonald's quality
Long wait in drive thru and wrong order
Didn't get all my order- I feel scammed :(
"There's nothing like eating a spicy Mc chicken at the legendary pier.
The prices are good (as always). I highly recommend the dollar menu, in this case, 2 Mc chickens for only $4. The taste is very good! For the price of course. And the spicy one tastes even better. Service was very fast, but it can get very packed in the afternoon. Plenty of seats and restrooms are available as well (it gets packed, too). Pickup available. The everyday McDonald's, but placed in a crowded and convenient spot. We highly recommend spicy Mc chicken with extra buffalo sauce!"
I don't eat at McDonald's, but I do UberEats deliveries. I love this McDonald's because it has a parking structure in an area that typically doesn't have one. This makes it very convenient for me and people who choose to eat there.
4 consecutive weeks, Every Monday the dining room is not swept or mopped. They don't open at 530am. For the last month on Mondays they won't have orange juice. They say the machine doesn't work and they can't serve it. The cashier tells me Some other worker will squeeze the orange because it's freshly squeezed. I would understand one mistake, but it's occurring every Monday.
My daughter, her friends and i was at this particular McDonalds while visiting the boardwalk (out of town visitors). There was roaches all over the place and they were big. The place was not clean. Homeless people surrounded the place.  I will never go back and i have already told a lot of people that were headed that way.
What a unique McDonald's, love the structure. But, the only reason that why it's a low rating for me is because they sometimes get people order wrong. That's the only reason I have. Also this place is sometimes very crowded and busy.
Really unsafe place to go( group of young guys just beat old man for nothing and security didn   t do anything , main manager working with  ½ï¿½ï
It is just minutes away from the pier, many homeless people inside and you should take good care of your belongings. It is clean but employees barely smile and cold due to holiday working hours I guess :)) Had the double burger cheese and oats meal which I do not complain. It is thanks giving holiday.
Waited in line for half an hour, and it seemed like forever at the pick-up window.  I asked if they were short staffed, and she said they were waiting on the fries. But when I got them they were cold. She offered no explanation until I got tired of waiting
this McDonald's is more expensive than others in the area, and be warned that individuals in their garage are very sensitive to the fact if you have your phone out and become vocallyworried that you are taking pictures or video of them.
The Santa Monica location is on par with most McDonald's out there. The food was satisfactory and the speed of service was reasonable. My only problems with the experience were the restaurant was incredibly busy and the smell of pot was pretty strong from someone smoking it out on the patio. They had the munchies I guess.
"Frequently at this location, someone is spewing toxic gases into the air, violating local laws (& humane rights; despite a security guard on site).
Cashiers are expected to be able to actually perform elementary subtraction, such as 12-7=5; (because the US doesn't mint 3 dollar bills) and I already have enough singles to stuff Magic Mike's g-string.
If this location has take out hours & dining room hours, that should be posted; on entry ways & online. Otherwise, we patrons expect to sit down, not be told the seating area is closed 30 minutes prior to closing and 20+ minutes after opening. MGMT should schedule site & employee hours accordingly."
It   s McDonald   s 
Look the staff here is great despite the unwanted obvious nuisance. Food is prepped fast and staff are professional. Restroom are actually kept clean again despite certain unfortunate citizens. I always take out from here and go to the beach. Or park my car at the very top of the lot and eat there.
It's McDonald's...by the pier.  McDonald's. In the wee hours (only time I go) it can be colorful with the occasional altercation/conflict, but they have security.  Never had a issue there.  Order my food from the kiosk, wait, p/u, eat while I walk home and later wish that I didn't order 3 to 4 sandwiches.
Always clean place.. nice flow.. every time I 
Good place. Can get crowded sometimes but the service is quick. I had a huge order and was served in under 10 minutes. I love McDonald's quality so much. This particular location is also right down the street from Santa Monica Pier. A great place to eat before going to the beach!
Everytime I go into the Santa Monica McDonald's, it able to handle the busy times. In my opinion consider the customer traffic, however they waist no time getting orders, if you do not have a cloud following, then you should get what you want. Bathrooms have intermittent traffic depending on the busy time. I see they want you to enjoy your meal, in my opinion. In the pictures you will available seating at a perfect time. I was satisfied!
It's a McD's, fast food cause you don't have a lot of time when you're going somewhere. Convenient place to grad a quick breakfast in the morning with all other shops still closed
I ordered tea with lemon. But they didn't put any lemon in it. When I asked where is my lemon the answer was "we didn't have any lemon" why u asking if I want it when you didn't have it.
"It has been a mighty long time since I need ed to concern myself with dining in at McDonald's.
Since Covid19, the option to dine in was removed. Remarkable."
Your service was excellent the employee Erica needs a raise because when I got there the lines were long and she cleared them out real fast thank you Erica
Rude staff asked the manager about the birthday grimace promotion and she said "I don't know" and walked away.
Did not help me with a refund and took awhile to convince worker to take a look at kiosk to fix it.
Nice place, even with the homeless around it   s clean and comfortable place. The food preparation process is fast and the staff are nice. I had tried the first tim
Honestly the worst McDonald's, you'd expect more from one by the beach and turns out to be the worst experience.
I'm really disappointed in McDonald's in Santa monica went got food to take to husband and the drink carrier broke they wouldn't give me a replacement for my loss had to reorder and replace myself they were ice coffee and a mocha frappe
It's not clean and there are no offers but still ok. Bathroom is usually clean
Lots of homeless people inside
"No drive thru, enough parking. Crowded but fairly quick. They had the front doors open and I could feel the air moving, not stuffy. Mask optional at the time (July/28/22). All employees were wearing masks. All employees were pleasant or acceptably neutral and doing a good job. Bathrooms and tables clean.  Floors looked pretty good too considering the large amount of foot traffic. Indoor and outdoor tables. Whenever someone got up, a worker appeared shortly after to spray and wipe down the table. In person you can order at  cashiers or use one of the 8 self-service screens. I believe you could also order through the app. There's a scanner at the bottom of the payment pinpad.
Didn't have to wait very long for my food. Less than 5 minutes."
Located on State Street in Hurricane Utah! It   s connected to 711 Gas Station so this makes traveling easy for food and gas stop! Has
"Staff is so kind.
Homeless people sometime come in this store.
Then polis comes.lol"
Hungry? Won't spend much money? Go to Mc. Donals! Come hungry, leave happy!
"clean tidy mc donalds. helpful staff. lots of seats both indoors and outdoors. love they didnt have the stupid oversized ipad ordering system which they have in the UK.
its a short walk from or to the beach near santa monica pier. and a short walk from the train station blueline and not far from the local shops.
please like this review if you find it helpful
thank you"
Great place to eat awesome staff friendly and helpful enjoy your meal as you'll be loving it.
Horrible service walked in with wife an 3 kids ordered 3 pancake meals an 2 sandwich meals 5 people 5 meals they called our order got 1 pancake 2 sandwiches no full meals had to wait as they dissed us in Spanish (I speak it I know what you said) then get my other 2 pancakes but they absolutely refused to give me 2 hash browns will not stop again
To be honest, I usually frequent this local Santa Monica Micky D's for its coffee. I have to wake up pretty early, so a nice jolt of caffeine helps me start the day at 5am. With that being said, I will also say that because of Santa Monica's influx of homelessness over the years, this particular location gets alot of homeless patrons. Most are nice, and I buy some of the regulars a thing or two from time to time; however, it's the aggressive homeless patrons that make the place feel troublesome. The staff tries to placate situations, but you can tell they are getting frustrated more and more everyday. So, if you can't handle, talk, be patient, and react positively to people who are just trying to get through the day, the don't go here. I don't need you screaming and being annoyed at every little thing. Bye!!
Full of homeless people not like I'm unaware of our global situation with homelessness, but if you looking to sit down chill and eat don't do it at this one. It doesn't have a drive thru, so order ahead for pick up, it does have self service ordering kiosk.
Homeless hang out ! Every day customers are being attacked in the store why security guards stand around and watch !
very good service and nice staff but the down side its full of homeless.
This McDonalds is conveniently close to Santa Monica Pier (about 1 block away). I love buying food from here and eating it by the shoreline with friends :,). Do note, that workers can sometimes be very stingy or serious due to the large amount of people that come in daily (this McDonalds in particular gets very packed). So please be kind to them, they are trying their best to get your food served! <3
One of the Best McDonald's so far. Good service
Good location, very big place
It's on the pier. It's just in a place where activity happens. Otherwise good.
Doing their best for no man and the food is still the same level of addicting.  No drive-thru and right next to the beach.  It is usually teeming with people and it is usually a little busy.  Kiosks available.  On this trip, the payment option for me was unavailable on the kiosk.
Loved our family afternoon there
Basically what you want from McDonalds without all the bums and beggars in the store during the day
SOOOO busy, all I ordered was a drink and who knows who actually got it!
This is hands down THE worst McDonald's ever! The staff are rude, racist, and intentionally slow. Don't waste your time. There was a fistfight in the dining area and the men's room was full of weed smoke.
"Very bad service the employees are very roud the security guy not professional
I won't never come back to this ugly store"
It's a Nice McDonald's due to location you can grab a small amount of food and go to the pier, also people talk about beggers being near it but I didn't see any all I saw was a man overdosing on drugs
Waited 20 minutes for a mobile order that they have to serve to our table. Finally I went to the counter and asked about my order. They rudely said they don   t do table s
I'm only there for the Frauppes and the Cappuccinos...
They fired me for refusing service to a rude customer
"Not happy with that location!
Dining room has a big sign in window stating Dining room open. But yet it was not open. It was 12:00 in the afternoon!! Why wasn't it open?! It seems that they have their own rules!
Plus wasn't allowed to order at window either! I don't have a car, I was on my bike."
Horrible customer service and they messed up my order. The lady who took my order was rushing and had a rude attitude. She didn   t even listen to what I wanted. She kept staring at me and almost forced me to get something easier off the menu, as I had ordered somet
Friendly staff and fast service
The worker could not get my order on time and had an attitude
High traffic fast food restaurant that doesnt fail on being exactly just that. In the process ,  however ,  it also us one of the few places in the area that offers a no frills area to eat your food AL FRESCO. And in this day in age ,  thats priceless.
So busy. Staff are literal heroes.
So I come in for my daily coffee but need to use the restroom and of course you have to buy before you can use the restroom and wash hands  ½ï¿
"Order was screwed up, and the hash browns in both combo meals were barely cooked to just above raw.
Amazing their staff could screw up two breakfast meals in the same order in an automated process. SAD."
Nothing special. Just McDuck like just McDuck.
"To many young kids was there
the place was to busy for family & tourism"
"The only reason I am giving this location for stars instead of 5 is because overall, I don't eat McDonald's or fast food. However, the one day that I did go to Santa Monica, I just had a sudden craving for something fatty and sugary.

I went inside and dislocation surprisingly very clean. The staff there were also very hospitable, friendly, and alert. I ordered me some french fries and a sweet iced tea, and then I proceeded to the outdoor Courtyard to eat.

Out there was just as clean as it was on the inside. I haven't had McDonald's since 2012, so I was really surprised at how fresh the french fries and the sweet iced tea taste it.

Everything was okay okay with me."
"If we focus too much on ourselves and the troubles in our lives, it is very difficult to be happy. Lord, refresh my spirit, help me let go of longing to become something I am not and show me how to be the best of who I am.
Open your mind and empty your heart of fears so that you can know and experience God to the fullest. Lord, You are my peace, my assurance and the love that I hold on to.Reach higher than you think possible for all that you want and you find that often you attain even more. Lord, I rely on Your promises made to each of us and especially on Your love.
Be patient with others, but mostly be patient with yourself. Lord, help me to keep a smile on my face and to realize my goodness and refuse to dwell on my imperfections.Desiring more and more without appreciating what you have right now will never allow you to be truly happy. Be grateful for the gifts you are receiving right this very minute. That's happiness!God gives abundantly to those who pass His gifts on to others. Lord, let Your blessings flow in to me and then out from me. I will neither be selfish nor let my gifts stagnate.
Use Jesus' as your example on how to live. Lord, You will guide and advise us and then You will leave it to us to decide our own future. Give us wisdom in our choices.Dear Lord, thank you for being such a loving God and caring about our pain. You don't want to see us suffer. You know the suffering that we face, and I ask that you would please redeem it and bring it to an end. In the midst, Lord, I believe that you are sufficient. I ask that your strength will be made perfect in our weakness. In Jesus's name, amen"
Always has an abundance of homeless population hanging out inside and outside. (Remove that you get 5 stars) Felt dirty although they were constantly cleaning the restaurant. Food is your typical McDonald's no change there. They offer a bathroom but its a busy location. Overall I'd return with caution ï¿½ï¿½
Long lines rude staff you ask for sauce but never get it. They only have one register open. Homeless at front entrance smoking blunts and can smell it while you are ordering.
Had to go and wipe my 5 star review and turn it to a 2 star since last year this whole place has turned into yet another slow Hispanic ran restaurant. Used to have a diverse staff and be consistently speedy and hot, now it takes 10 mins with no one else in line to get some fries and nuggets    while everyone is standing around twiddling their thumbs, I   ve been here at least 60 times, and every time I   ve been here post COVID reopening it   s been this same situation with the change of the whole employee personnel now it ½
It's a McDonald's that food is the same as every other McDonald's is decent didn't like the place because it was too crowded too messy and took forever just to get a soda or no people were nice workers were nice
The worst and most expensive McDonalds I have ever seen. I had to request a manager to intervene before the cashier would let me order what I wanted instead of what she wanted me to buy. Definitely not a happy meal.
There was a psycho there but the guard tazed her
On Nov 22//21, I went to use the men   s restroom and it was so filthy and because this is a place where a lot people visit the attention to the restrooms should be made more often
Definitely everything has changed in this McDonald   s location. The food was alright what I didn   t like was the area location homeless getting crazy inside the restaurant. Looks like the one security whoï¿½ï
The new renovation it went through makes it look more modern! The ordering kiosks are perfect for the tourist that can't speak English or Spanish. It is very spacious! Please beware, not to their fault, the Homeless population can be a turn off to go their do to the fact that it's a hang out spot for them. I have no problem with that as long as they mind their own business and I do the same. One thing that I'm surprised about, No refills on my coffee? Really? That was one of the main reasons I went there for breakfast. Besides that, it's McDonald's we are taking about. Quick and easy meal compare to other higher price options around.
There have been issues with some of the patrons getting out of hand with the staff, but it seems that the issue has improved. My family generally order through food delivery apps from this location to avoid unruly patrons. They always get our order right, and the delivery is seamless.
The locations looks great and has 8 of machines that allow you to order and pay, but the service was horrible. I ordered a sundae for my mom and after 10 minutes of waiting, I saw one employee feel a tear in her pants below her butt and then she went and fixed herself a sundae and left. At this same moment another came up and asked about the sundaes for his family that he ordered 20 minutes prior. I was given a refund without fuss before leaving. The bad part to all of this was there were about 12 people working at the location during my visit which was more than enough to prepare and delivery the food quickly.
Vomit and urine from the homeless at the entry turned my stomach and couldn   t order food. My wife and I were so turned off we canceled or sightseeing plans in LA and left town. It ½ï¿½ï
"Very nice, very clean.
Saw a guy come in who ""looked"" homeless and 2 security guards immediately swarmed in and ushered him out. It was kind of impressive, yet I felt so sorry for the guy and thought security should have been more sensitive when doing the job because the man clearly wasn't all there.

Also, the men's rest room was very clean, however I'd prefer paper towels on hand in addition the the blowers. I had to touch the press down facet button and I had to touch the soup dispenser. I like to use paper towels to touch these things... especially the door when leaving..."
"This Black lady at cash register took my order fine, another black lady with dark blue shirt red brown hair served my food.
Minutes later I return one item was made wrong!
Same black lady asked her staff to fix it then she gave it to me without checking it and I find out that they did it wrong again! I took to her for the third time and then she asked her staff again to do it again!
Instead of making sure it   s done correct! She proceeded to go help another customer which took her about 4 to 5 minutes when she knew I come first but she didn   t care! I asked her again when she returned to her post where is my food and She got quickly defensive with me and refuse to get me a hot free fries since I had to wait too long for my order!
I throw away my cold fries and just proceeded to get the hell out of there!!
I am done arguing with these black or not black l management fault!! They just hire any one for the job and they don   t pay attention to what goes on in thei"
Santa Monica pier is a few steps from here.
Wonderful beachside McDonald's on Santa Monica Beach... food is excellent and the restroom is open to the public until 11 p.m.
Fine it's always busy place
Good McD centrally located and quick service.
We usually go mainly for the soft serve covers and sundaes.  Nothing hits the spot on a hot day like a small sundae.  Prices are perfect and the kids really appreciate the treat.  Hot fudge on the bottom really makes it fun for them.
I usually give high reviews but not this time. The service is excellent. Fast and professional staff all the way. Truely representing McDonald's culture. Unfortunately there is an issue with homeless people that brings this location down. The restroom has a bad odor because of the homeless people washing up in there. The restroom door doesn't close as to see what's going on in there such as drug use I can only speculate. There are plenty of homeless people going in and out of the establishment to eat and use the restroom. So they carry a bad odor. It ruins the atmosphere. It's depressing. I witnessed a homeless man get hauled out by Santa Monica Police for lounging around, not purchasing any food, and being loud and unruly. I applaud the quick response of the security officer on duty who immediately asked the man to leave several times always maintaining his composure, even as the homeless man escalated. It's a tough job, but it's getting done. The priorities are kept here. Customer satisfaction and safety are key to the staff and it shows.
Convenient location and although there are some challenges the area faces (homeless and everything that goes with that), the restaurant does a good job keeping things clean, service helpful, and food good as always. We had an order with a lot of custom requests for kids (no this, extra that), and each burger was put together exactly as ordered.
Bathrooms are very dirty and lines are very poorly organized. I was able to skip ahead of at least ten people that were ahead of me because they don't communicate the registers that are open to the customers. The booths in the far side of the restaurant smell like cigarettes. Food was served quickly and with good quality however.
So overall they usually have one of the fastest services especially when it comes to McDonald's in regards to what I'm doing doordash. Only problem being at this location is a hub for intoxicated panhandling homeless people.
"The People Who Work There Were Very Rude&Short In Response.
There Parking Garage Is Hazardous!!"
No different than any other McDonalds, except that it's in Santa Monica very close to the pier and beach. It's surprisingly well kept and clean and very fast. Lots of tourists and visitors and the location is updated with the order kiosk systems so can get moving pretty fast. Seating can be an issue on very crowded days. Over all good experience and not too bad.
One of the nicest mc donalds
"Really rude staff, too bad service. Avoid if you can. There are so many other better places to eat or drink around.
They would literally cheat you!"
Too many homeless people that kept walking in and out of this location, we couldn't eat comfortably because they smelled so bad as they passed by. I understand they can't help it due to their situation but if you have a hard time tolerating body odor of various homeless people walking back and forth in this McDonald's location then you should definitely avoid this location.
This is a very convenient location. Probably the most affordable food in this area near the pier. It's usually very busy with foot traffic for the beach and the promenade. You will encounter all types from international tourist to local bums. It's fairly clean considering the large amount of customers. The orders are quick but be sure to check it before leaving. Not the most accurate employees
This McDonald tourist city attraction restaurant is over rated by it's local customers.  During my visit to this restaurant, none of its employees had people skills or customer dissatisfaction resolution skills.  Its employees escalated its customers verbal complaints to verbal challenging arguments.  Without any complaint resolution.
Food was good, jt was crowded, there was gum in my chair, didnt notice til i got up and it was all over my shorts
This plave is not a good place. They used to have blacks there too. Now all hispanic and trey just remodeled. All of sudden after the remodel all the staff all like the same race. I though McDonald's was equal opportunity employer. Guess not. Today I went there to use the restroom. I was told I couldn't use the restroom unless I bought something. I explained that it was an emergency and I just have to take a number one and I will be on my way. I asked to speak to the manager, the manager told me the same thing you have to buy something. I told the manager I really had to use the restroom it was an emergency I'll be in and out that's all I need it and I was still denied. Every time I come to this place is always something. Things to give me cold food all the time I would ask for fresh food and they would make me wait 20 to 30 minutes I would just wait while standing there looking at her. I wasn't really strong with expressing myself oh, now I express myself a little bit more. I just thought that everybody should know is this place really isn't a nice place to be I wouldn't give them a dime of my money. When did they treat people and I've always treated people is not okay if I was a business owner in a McDonald's along to me I would fire the entire staff shut the McDonald's down and start new with the whole new staff of all Races and ethnicities different religions in different ways of being themselves instead of running it like Fort Knox and no one even speaks English. Not a respectable place and I think a lot of changes need to happen. The last thing that we all need is a petition being signed to shutdown a very nasty, disrespectful, unprofessional in very unreliable restaurant in one of the most popular places in California. Let's get back together McDonald's or else I'll go to the next level and bringing all these customers that also it's like this McDonald's. We even go one more step above and bring the in all your future customers who have never been there before just to mention on how they've had experiences at McDonald's that were so exceptionally great and then compare it to the way that you treat all the customers who've walked out of McDonald's and see if they'll never come back I don't think we want this to be a topic of discussion.
I ordered from here twice and I ordered a cheeseburger with bacon and onions and the first time they didn   t even put the bacon on it (The bacon that I spend my money on) and now they didn   t put the onion on it.
They always have a lot of staff in hand, specially on the week ends and at peak hours. You will always see a lot of tourist due to the perfect location near the shopping and the pier. This also means that there will be homeless there as well. I like to live and let live so I don't mind sharing space with my fellow man. With that said there is security at hand at all times. Even when this place looks crowded the service is fast and like most McDonald's with a smile. You get something to eat at a great price in a perfect location.
Very bad exp, I believe I goten bad food.
They got the best breakfast here.
They accidentally gave my friends and I a whole order that we cancelled, and they also gave us the actual orders we bought. All in all they were pretty fast workers. They have to be because that place is always packed because of the Santa Monica Pier. I understand that it's not always going to be clean there because, frankly, there's not much room to clean there most of the time. If I could give 4.2 stars, I would.
We ate breakfast here every morning while staying at a hotel around the corner. The food was always made correct and fresh, however the large amount of homeless people hanging out make things a little more difficult.  (No condiments are self serve,  the security guard has to let you into the bathroom, sometimes hard to find a table)
I just had a large fry it was okay the kids had hamburger happy meals, the burgers were cold and "tasted funny", they ate the fries, and of course really liked the toy inside. 7 out of 10 today mediocre.
It is an OK place to go if you do not have a better option. The prices and the quality of the food are reasonable
Great food and staff but the crowd is a bit sketchy
if you're a tourist DON'T go to McDonald's especially this one, rude service, poor choice, worst fast food chain in US by far
It was crowded! Unfortunately they don't do refills here.
No dollar menu anything but drinks here! Even coffee is 2 bucks! The service is spotty and confusing at best! The place is small and serves the end of the busiest street that leads to the pier....ultra poor planning on space for quality of service/business. There are a lot kf vagrants at this location but they are for the most part harmless.
They allow the homeless to beg in front of their door and people buy them food so they go inside and eat. The problem is their smell!!! We bring our tourists families and end up totally embarrassed.
Manager sucks. I called her over for help and she ignored me. Seating arrangements are disorganized. The soda fountain machine is always dirty. Hardly any ice. When you press for a certain soda, it runs water for a while. Too many homeless people. The only decent thing here is the food.
"Worst McDonald's in the world, that's a big statement but its the only one that fits.
I ordered breakfast on a Saturday. It wasn't too busy but when I got my food I was missing some sandwiches, my pancakes were super cold like if they had just defrosted them and put them in my bag and the hashbrowns were literally stuck to the wrapper and the bag they came in looked like it had been dunked in the deep frier.

Save your money, go eat somewhere else where the food is actually edible.
To clarify I'm not bagging on all McDonald's, I quite like the food BUT this location is terrible, my suggestion is to go elsewhere"
The service is fast but since the pandemic it seems that the mask is the most important thing.. security is polite and the Cusomer service associates are kinda formal but still polite...you can eat on the patio but not for long...
It's McDonald's, cheap sustenance to keep on going. We had a couple burgers and fries and I can't complain they were alright when the price is taken into account. It can be quite busy at times so keep this in mind when going at peak times. The restaurant itself was pretty clean, what you come to expect from a McDonald's.
Got my order wrong took forever to serve my sweet tea. Crispy chicken had a large piece of not so crispy chicken w/ the foulest tasting sauce I'll never order again  watered down sodas so much you'd think it was club soda. Never again
We asked for a cup of water after we were done eating our food inside. Lady said we needed to purchase until she seen my orange juice cup.. she then proceeded to give us a tiny cup. What exactly were we supposed to do with that? Meanwhile others got a decent sized cup for water. What do you lose to give out a cup of WATER?
"This McDonald   s is always very busy so I understand why their customer service isn   t the best.

Even so, I still don   t understand"
I expect crowding because it's close to the beach. The ice machine is always out, they don't have enough fresh brewed tea to refill the container, and some of the employees have attitude. The security guard tends to trip, but it's not always the same guard. Service is pretty fast considering the volume of customers. I only go there because of proximity.
The service the is great! They do a awesome job with the food, and it has security there so you don't have to worry to lose your chicken nuggets,  and hamburger,  also your money!
No Refills!     It took about 10 minutes for me and everyone else in line to get their order done. They could only give you 3 ranch for 20 Chicken Nuggets, not even 4. Fo
Worse Mac Donald   s on the planet and the most discussing rudest staff - Iï¿½ï¿
Great place to eat by the beach without the ridiculous prices . Beware that many homeless people ask you for change but never wanna change the sense of direction his life is unnerving to give people money as they bother while consuming meat patties between buns of bread with seeds. Moral of this review is to never help homeless while eating
Gets very very busy , but they are normally fairly rapid about getting everyone through. By far the cheapest food place in that area, so ideal if you're just visiting. It's still McDonalds though so don't expect anything different from every other franchise.
We only eat halal food. The fillet o fish is a good choice for us but the price is high. Though it ½ï
"This was an ok McDonald   s, but I liked going to this place because it was so busy during the summer, so you are more likely to get hot and fresh food. Now that it   s December 2020, they are slacking, I guess they are having more problems with the homeless or druggies or drug dealers outside of their business, but twice in the last two weeks I got cold and half-cooked fries after 9pm.

Maybe because I   m a gang stalking victim, this is happening.  REPORT ANY AND ALL COMPLAINTS TO CORPORATE.

On December, 13th 2020, I got the free double cheeseburger, it was a cold burger a"
Only place that is open late night in Santa Monica after 11 pm. Service great and you know the product. Very safe and family friendly. Great location
I went on a Sunday and it was SUPER packed but the lines moved suprisingly fast. FOOD-WISE one of the BEST Mcdonalds Ive ever been to, CLEANLINESS one of the WORST. Parking lot entrance smelled like Pee, and the Patio tables were disgusting to the point I had to clean it myself and I STILL didnt want to touch it. And the patio chairs were so Uncomfortable aswell
This place is a major tourist hub as it is located within a few blocks from the Santa Monica Pier. Inside is nice. They will also bring food to you that you won't see in any other store or this may be new to me since I have been to Mcdonald's only a few times in my entire life.
Loads of homeless people around
It's a McDonald's it didn't disappoint. I got another one supersize. And that's what I wanted. Fade Out on the floor back back back to get a bag over there balcony. Exactly what I wanted no surprises.
Food was not hot fries to salty
12 midnight this place is packed and they bring it to your table!
"Hot and fresh! I always get the Quarter Pounder with cheese,  mac sauce,  pickles and shredded lettuce only!! It's the best!! You gotta try it.
Kia D
WeTalkRadio.com"
Go anywhere else. Not here. Beyond the counter, this place is never clean.  Glorified truck stop.  Too many other options, next door and, nearby that are more deserving of your business. Especially, since the "dining room" is no longer open 24 hours.  No drive through. Sad. Literally, steps from the pier. The collective grime of all of Santa Monica resides on this location surrounding sidewalks. The homeless aren't the issue.  It is the mentally disturbed , the hustlers  and questionable addicts. This is not a family friendly location.  Wisely most families recognize this and steer clear.  These truths sometimes slip pass the trained smiles of the cashiers and you see the weariness and defeat.  No other business has these issues!  Not one.  Food?  No problems.
First thing that caught my eye was its employees, within the times I've stopped by this branch of the Goldin Ark. Reason being is do to it's great customer service. I understand most McDonald's now have self service available to its customers but the times that I've gone to the beach in Santa Monica it's always been alot easier to be attended by their kind employees.
The food was good. The person working the counter did not seem to understand anything I said. There are homeless people all around, don't go there alone.
Right in front of the WORLD FAMOUS Santa Monica Beach Pier!
I got a raw meat burger. It was cooked outside of it. But inside under the part was cooked was very raw meat. That was unfit to eat. And made me sick. I don't prefer NO body to go eat their at all they will. Kill you with uncooked meat in your burgers.
No drive thru; there is a parking lot area; very busy and chaotic; service was reasonable.
They were friendly but they never gave me a tray because they never asked "for here or to go". The service was fast, I had my food ready before I could fill up my drink.
First of all,  you will have a Santa Monica price here.  That means it's more expensive than other places for the same item in the menu. Secondly,  the restaurant was full of homeless people which disturbed people's meal quite often with their shouting and cussing. Thirdly,  the restroom is freaking filthy.
One of the oldest piers in the country and one of the Top places to visit while in #LALALand
Had been driving for several hours and needed to use the restroom before ordering. But employee was refusing to open the locked bathroom before I ordered. Extremely rude. At least it was clean and food was ok.
It was nice compared to how it was before, quick if you use the machines to order your food. You can pay credit or cash at the counter or the machine.. order was quick food was dope no issue.
As always just ok
The restaurant was clean and orderly. Food was prepared fast and made properly. Everything was decent.
If I could do 0 stars I would. There is no place to lock a bike so I had to take it in with me. The    security guard    tried to get me to leave because I have a bike. I   m not leaving a $3,000 bike at the door with all these homeless people around who will steal anything. Then they refused to take my order because I wouldn   t lea
Decently quick service but it's just mcdonalds. Prepare for the transients standing outside begging. The staff kinda look they wish they were there and it kinda reflects on the service. They have the kiosks to order from which makes service better.
"No drink refills.
Bad service  ½ï¿½ï¿½ï"
Fresh Air an clean facility
Eco-friendly flatware, restroom is locked up tight (transients). Employees are dismissive and arrogant. Not courteous and refuses to answer questions about food products, ie: what's on a cheeseburger answer would be... "Cheese & bread"! But the food is hot and fast.
Worst McDonalds ever.  Customer service is non existant. They act like they're doing you a favor by letting you order food in their establishment. Then it took 20 minutes to get a simple order. Heard MANY complaints while we waited. All McDonald's are worse since the kiosks came in, but this location is a disaster.  Avoid .
They used to be super cool! Since the remodel they turned into nazis! No water without a receipt. The stupid guard started a fight with a homeless man who came in. I dont know who sprayed it but pepper spray was sprayed. There were little kids in there. Cleared the place out. They are trying way too hard to not help ANYBODY
The food was fast and good for McDonald's. The inside seating area was kinda small and there were a lot of homeless people hanging out in front of the building. The entrance smelled like urine.
"They literally almost got the entire order wrong, would not come back ever. My family got two deluxe s round egg, 1small decaf coffee, 2 med coffees with sugar and cream. We ended up with packets of ketchup, no bread for the muffins in the deluxes,no hashbrowns and the wrong amount of cream.

Ok sorry I actually came back the other day and the food was amazing this time. Also, there is another McDonald's in my area that's pretty lame. This place has a better service overall.(sort of long review sorry)"
Every time I go to this McDonald's everyone is so friendly and make me feel welcome EXCEPT the cashier named EDNA. She gave me the WORST COSTUMER SERVICE EVER!! She was disrespectful and rude. How does McDonald's let her work here?
Ordered a triple cheeseburger & when I opened up my burger it was single, I go up & say it's wrong and I get "We don't have triple cheeseburgers". Apparently putting 3 patties on a burger is prohibited, but other locations are fine with me ordering this. Will not be returning.
I got my food at around 10 PM on a Thursday night. The McDonalds was packed with people, yet I only had to wait a few minutes to get my food. The staff was friendly and my food was made really well.
Filthy place, both dining area and rest rooms. Staff member who took our order didn't know what an Americano was, even though it's on their own coffee menu, buttermilk chicken tenders were inedible, looked amd felt like it had been reheated too many times.
The recently advertised 100% real meat patties for their Quarter Pounder burger, more or less, was what you expect--same great taste, same great value, though it did not fail it however didn't feel any different from their other burger options on their selected menu.  Would I get it again?  Yeah, why not?  Makes for a mouth watering meal on the go, quick to be served and ready in minutes with that first warm juicy bite followed by a second, third and maybe fourth?  Who knows, really?  Just Get It and Try One Out Today or When the Munchies hit Mount Everest peaks!
First the restroom was clean and it wasn't guarded with a keypad... When I see that I'll go elsewhere. I never use a restroom without purchase and I never ask . Even the chicken sandwich was fresh... Thanks for the service
Its mc donalds what can i say
"I ate there during a week while I stayed at Santa Monica, the service was really fast, even when the place was crowded.

The computer ordering system is really effective, they have 8 modules and they help a lot for taking orders faster."
Poor customer service with the cashier
The interior of store has recently been upgraded and has made it a lot more pleasant to be in. Due to its proximity to the Pier, there are still plenty of weirdos and homeless people hanging out in and around the store...
It's fairly crowded but got my iced macchiato and apple pie. The staff were friendly and attentive for the short interaction.
Lines can be long, but service is friendly. Sometimes it takes longer for the food to come out, but the employees compensate by doing extra for the wait. The employees do practice good customer service.
It's an interesting location for a McDonald's, and this property must be super expensive. Aside from that, it's a good enough place, and I give it 4 stars based on the expectations that come from a McDonald's to begin with. If you're on the Pier and you want a big Mac or some mcnuggets, this is your spot.
Worst one I've ever been to! They were rude, an employee was arguing with a customer plus it was super dirty! We walked out!
I need to use the bathroom facilities before I ordered. Mind you, the line was long. I was refused until I purchased something which was my intention but first thing first. The manager as well as security staff were very rude. I will never step foot into that place again.
They get you in and out fast. I love this McDonald's adjacent to the beach     and the Metro Expo Line
At first, I felt hungry so I went to this very fancy Mickey D's.  But then while getting back home ( which was a long way from the Santa Monica Pier ) I felt nostalgic and my stomach was hurting really bad.  So I had to stop at Carl's Jr. on  Newhall for the bathroom.
Blessya all let's all get along. McDonald is giving back .Teenager do have a place to stay it hard on them. Let's live and love. Homeless is trying doing it staying clean Amen. Grace..keep it moving.smile. Sister Ms Rose. PEACE
Worst customer service ever. Manager is rude and racist. I have been there twice and have witnessed the bad training of employees. Manager in nightshift charge wont help out at all. And I witness how rude she was to some customers, and when I asked to talk to a manager she insulted me and turned me away .  Mcdonalds. You should take complaints into consideration. All those complaints from us the customers.  I'm afraid if I go again instead of a big mac I'll get a mcwhooping.
My order was not completed because I asked for grape jelly and 2 employees gave me strawberry and said grape didn't exist at that store. When I told the head manager I was allergic to strawberries she apologized to me and said they have plenty of grape jelly and gave me 2. I also had no napkins in the bag so I had to come back.
Bit sketch here late night
This review is for the young lady that worked the night of April 7th, she was repeating the ticket numbers to customers after her cowoker behind the counter yelled out the numbers. I was standing with all the other people waiting for their orders. I hear my order get called, i grab it, and she tells me    let me see your ticket im literally right here   ... Ahhhh of course your right there but since im also right here Ill go ahead and grab it since im there with my ticket in hand mind you. To the lady with braides and glasses who appears to be the age of a co
Joshua is cool and helpful. Went above and beyond. Good vibes and energy. Happy guy and honest about the products. Dude was cleaning the whole time and helping customer at same time.
The order was done really quickly, and that was greatly appreciated because we were in a hurry. We bought 20 McNuggets and they tasted amazing! Every one!
The terror of the men was palpable in the air. The stench of blood and bodily waste clung heavy. It had been three days and four nights of terror. Ever since the men had come to this island,  it seemed like everything had gone wrong. Not just like God had abandoned them, but had an active hand against them. The coke here is always watered down.
The worst service ever... the people behind us got their orders but our order never been processed. We decided to cancel our order instead. The manager never apologized for that error. I still got the receipt. If ever the corporate head wants to contact me I am willing to give them what took place in that McDonald's. I hope the manager will get fired for it!!!!
Great customer service for such a busy location. Eating area is kept clean throughout despite obvious challenges of a beach location
The food was good.  I mean,  they put several pickles in my yummy burger.  The fries were perfect.  The wait was a little long.
No refills, ruins the Mcdonalds tradition. Staff is nice , but its too packed and not to much staff to help getting drinks.. Bring back the soda machine.
Always long lines .. use the app makes ordering much faster
"Chain Criteria:

       Clean Interior and/or Restrooms
    Fast Service
 ½"
Fast service. But if you want straws, you have to ask for them in Santa Monica. They give you a paper straw, so if you have a resusable straw, i recomend bringing one. Self-service systems are installed to reduce waiting time.
Too many homeless hang out in front of here. A lot of them are violent. No drink refills here because people would take cups out of the trash and steal soda.
Cold food, not prepared as ordered. Complained and they didn't seem to care. Would not recommend at all .
I love the CA McDonalds have McChickens (we only have Hot N' Spicy in AZ). The service was fast, and the food was fresh and cheap. It was also accurate (no missing items). This is how fast food should always be.
Good as every other mcdonalds but only one big difference.. A lot like a looot of homeless people here, I like it because of the staff but too many homeless, that and this time the resroom run out of seat covers lol
Ruthlessly expensive McDonalds food because it's by the beach, but they take the mobile order deals. Security on site though not too pushy. People seemed friendly enough.
Just another McDonalds restaurant for a quick meal. The quality is the same than in any other McDonalds restaurant. So nothing better than in others. From my point of view the services were not as clean as I have expected. That is the only bad "point"
Before heading to Santa Monica pier we made a lunch break here so we can grab a quick bite to eat before heading to the beach. Location was great and the service was fast and accurate.
Experienced placing my order by computer touch screen, paying right there and shortly thereafter hearing my number called.  Nice, clean, super busy place.
Cashier had her hair in a ponytail and so did all the other workers (that's not allowed , servsafe states you can only have you're hair in a braid or bun when working with food) one of the cooks had on of the sides her shirt in a knot exposing her lower right stomach. I asked the manager and he said the cashier had her hair down in a pony tail because she was almost leaving and the chick with the shirt up was because he shirt got in the way of her cleaning. OH! BTW she was cooking and sweeping with out washing hands !.
Always very quick and helpful
Very good service they try to keep it clean, only alot of homeless ppl. We get something quick to go always full of ppl too.
Usually crowded, soda fountain is not very fizzy and employees are quite distracted... Other than that a good place to get a quick bite on your way to/from the beach
Nice place to dine in (outside obviously) and take out is fast. Just wish it had a driver thru, overall fast service.
Great place for inexpensive food right at Santa Monica Pier. There is also a public parking just below this place. But just inquire about the price first. We were charged $30 for parking and there were cheaper options available nearby.
This place is dirty and employees don't care. Also homeless hangout here all day everyday. It's a good thing police come here often so they keep crime down.
Attitude. Lack of knowledge of procedures. Terrible customer service. The place is filthy. Who runs this place? Definitely not a place I would recommend if you're having a good day. This place will ruin that, wholesale. Good riddance.
The old lady on the cashier is so RUDE. She speaks poorly english and is rude.
The cheapest place to eat at when your by the pier literally. If your on a budget Mikey Ds serves you at its finest. The problem is they dont have the dollar menu anymore and this place can get packed during lunch hours.
Haven't been here in a while, they have remodeled. They have self order and cashier order. It's close to the peir so expect your occasional homeless ppl but there is a security guard.
"Massive homelessness dirty outside.
No parking NO drive thru security more worried about masks then the drugs dealing at the door."
Always have the homeless there taking the spots, it's Santa Monica! Can't blame them for hanging out but all the good tables are taken by them. Otherwise just your everyday McDonald food! !
Horrible service after the remodeling. Very rude attendant, they refused the refill traditional on all other Mcdonalds restaurants and security was super rude reminding I should leave the parking in 30 minutes (I was in the store for 12 minutes)
I go to every McDonalds I can. This one is quick service and good food. But please note that it gets a little crazy at night time. This is a very busy spot next to the pier.
Always a nice and friendly place to go. Fast and with good prices as always. It will be there when you need a food.
Rude cashier. Dirty seats and tables. And full of very crazy looking people/drugs (i felt a little bit uncomfortable) The Hot chocolate didn't taste like HC at all.
Always for my husbands coffe we stip buy. Value for money for a senior coffee.
Long lines and short staffed it seemed.  They can be good other then that.  Tried the bacon cheese fries and I instantly wished they was not only for a limited time only.
Was a McDonald's. You know what you get. The store itself was clean, the service was prompt and the people were nice. The automated ordering machines were a pain to use though and we gave up as it was unresponsive
"Asked for refund and the cashier faked the transaction I asked if it completed and she said yes. I did not get the refund.

The sandwich was disrespectful ï¿½ï"
Very slow
Kind of  confusing as people were just standing everywhere and one of the workers looked lost herself. Once it cleared out some t hmm ings settled, the food was accurate and warm :)
Wonderful customer service
"Out of the places I have visited here sadly this one offered at least the most friendly of the people I encountered.

However it is more expensive then the basic McDonalds you're use to. It is one of the cheapest around considering your other options."
Horrible customer service I have ever seen. There is a staff named LOVE, she has the worst behave with customers ever. She even dont know how to talk. She did nit gave me a ranch
This is my go to McDonald's, now with automated cashiers ordering is quick and easy, nice and clean, courteous employees, it's just getting better!
Big Mac
Definitely not a great place to eat no refills they charged for it employees wearing air pods  hats to the back restrooms dirty no trying to clean it. Just horrible restaurant
Restaurant dirty trash overflowing and as always at McDonald's you have to demand condiments, bad experience
I ordered a chicken buttermilk combo. Didnt get a drink. And when i tried to explain to the manager what happened, she wouldnt let me speak. Unsatisfactory
The McDonald's was busy but very efficient. Can't say I was impressed with the 2 napkins provides for 3 people's food and how they didn't add the ketchup requested.
Everything was everything as usual.  Keep up the good work.  Thanks to  McDonald's for a happy meal  ½ï¿½
very bad experience the employee are super rude they have very bad attitude
No bad location easy to find, service is kinda slow at times though.
The food was great. Service was quick. They forgot napkins and ketchup for my to go order.
My cashier Anaya was so professional and had the best smile. I was greeted kindly and the place was clean. I will be back
It was interesting I've never had to pay for parking in my life or for the bathroom but it was nice to eat some McDonald's at the high price that it was
They really try hard to keep it clean and friendly but due to so many homeless people inside and out of the store it's impossible to enjoy coming to this location without be harassed by them.  There's free parking on site.
Just left the Santa Monica Pier.  Couldn't find an ice cream cone single scoop for less than $6. Thank you McDonald's for having a scoop of Creamy vanilla ice cream for $1.42
If you can handle the homeless people attacking you then it's awesome.
I WAS JUST CASUALLY EATING MY MCNUGGETS AND I LOOK IN THE CORNER AND THIS GUY IS PLAYING HIS PLAYSTATION ON A MONITOR AND THE BOOTH AND THEN I GET UP TO GO PEE AND I COME BACK AND THE JANITOR THREW AWAY THE REST OF MY MCNUGGETS AND ALL OF MY FRIES SO THEN I ORDERED A DIPPED CONE AND IT TOTALLY MELTED ALL OVER ME INSTANTLY!!!!
It was crowded and it was a little confusing to find the line but the food came fast and was consistent with other locations.  We ate in a covered outside location that was really nice.
Would have given a 5 but the young black guy asked for my receipt for both orders after I reached for my bag but he never asked anyone else for their receipt and yes I was paying close attention.
The service is mediocre to put it light.. And the cleanliness of this establishment.. Well service blows that out of the water. I hate to be so dark about this, but it truly is gross.
I want to personally talk to you if you gave macdonalds a one star     yeah it ½ï¿½ï¿½
It's McDonald's, fast and cheap and admitted one of my guilty pleasures. Sometime I just want a cheap hamburger even if I could grill up a gourmet at home.
It was too busy! There going put the door I suggest going to the one of the many local eateries they are all much better than here
Me and my dog went to McDonald's today I could see that they are overcrowded because the food is not that good I was very disappointed and to know that they're overworked breaks my heart cuz they're not feeding the people the way they should and they're not preparing the food properly
My favorite McDonald's in all the world is this one. I get to eat outside or just hang outside and watch the beach goers and tourist while listening to there good choice in music over the intercom 24/7.
What you expect from McDonald's - cheap unhealthy fare. Went here to grab a late night bite. Got my order for a mango banana smoothie wrong, but replaced promptly.
The place was busy, but the food came out fast and was acceptable for a McDonald's. Overall not too bad.
I like the way you order your food. Its all automated which is great. The food came out quickly.
I mean it s a McDonald, so you know what you get. At the same time the prices around the place make you wanna come here !!    
The do not offer free refills on your drinks it's hot and it would be nice to get a refill I spent almost 70 bucks and they would not refill my damn drink
High speed good price however the quality lacked a little bit, I would have wanted to wait a little longer ked order for the quality to be better even though it is a fast food restaurant.
Chicken Nuggets and French Fries were real good. Big plus is the Mexican Style Salsa - very tasty with a bit hot
Pretty sketchy the only McDonald's I've ever been to that had 2 armed guards at the entrance, food was as expected tho the new menu was hard to figure out too high tech.
Nice area would go again :)
drinks are not unlimited! Chips were not good! the dining table was too close to restrooms ½ï¿½
Great service, food perfectly prepared, employee very helpful with my ordering from my McD's app, with which I was having difficulty.
Delish coffee  ½ï¿
Very bad service. Do not give receipt. Do not want to refill my soda. Bad management. I will avoid this place. Shame that Mc Donald corporation let this happen.
Great food great costumer service very very fast with order turn around less than 3 minutes way less bums there
Have no intentions on downloading your app, but you won't allow me to order online and pick it up a double fail...
Love it.
I like McDonald's, I like ice cream, coffee, humberger, fresh fruit.
This McDonald's SUCKS BIG TIME THEY CAN BITE ME
Very bad bad bad!!!! I ordered two kids chess burger when I received my order I seated down when my daugher she oped her kids meal she told me her chess burger bite in half.
Just a another McD's! They have 4 do it yourself ordering kiosks where you can order and pay! They are usually fast, I waited 4 mins for my order..
place was kind of crowded and the waitress who took the order at the cash register was more concerned about her phone then just getting me two chicken sandwiches I'm not one to nitpick but I haven't had a job in 4 years and people like that actually get hired I just don't know where has my country gone LOL
Not too happy with customer service they take sweet time to get you order
Fast but too bad they don't give refills and love thst they give eco friendly straws  
It's the only fast food place to grab a late night/early morning bite to eat in Santa Monica where you can still dine in. It's also a short walking distance from the Santa Monica Pier.
It practically says its open 24/7 but I just went right now at 4:25 am and its not open. I called and asked what time they open and the lady that answered was really rude. Now I dont have nothing to eat for my lunch. Y'all need to change what hours are you open because its really confusing and annoying going to your store and its not even open.
The management and staff argues with the customers and it's like a prison, and highly prejudiced in quality of service towards fellow brown folks.  It's disgusting.
Very clean good place to eat with the family with the economic prices
The employee at the register was so unprofessional, didn't greet didn't say thanks,   like if it was free.. went to get a refill turns out  they don't give any!!!! Restroom was clean..that's about it..
Certainly nothing fancy but, cheap, and reliable quality. As far as the golden arches goes. This location was better than most.
"Refused to honor coupons the franchise sold me.
Did not give me the district manager telephone when asked. They lied and gave me a customer complaint telephone number."
Very calming great atmosphere, friendly staff
Order went smooth and food was fantastic and fresh. Yay
It's McDonalds, the only thing that is unique is the close proximity to the Santa Monica Pier. Beware of the homeless who pester you as you walk into the restaurant.  Some will even come inside to bother you.
The place is usually crowded but the new kiosk help a lot. The place has been cleaned up and it proved quite a bit since last year.
a triple cheesy burg???? what is this sorcery??? actually crispy nuggets?? oh my god england up your game! large drink was bigger than my head
Note there is no drive through on this location. The staff are very friendly and very fast.
"good menu... fast service... lots of seating place...

hit  ½ï"
It's McDs in Santa Monica. But this is where people without means to afford other food around here come. It's a wild ride any time of the day. Ordering is always chaos.
I really appreciate  the fun my Grandkids are having. So I just unwind at McDonald's with a big soda,  ice cream, and a burger. At a good price.
The food was really good and there were a lot of tables. The food was ready pretty fast
"Fast and friendly service
Very crowded due to it being so close to the pier"
Need more help getting homeless out in the morning. This is a nice location in a nice place and I would love to be able to use the facilities.
Too many homeless ppl, hkt my order wrong workers acted rude.
Good restaurant fresh food great service they got my orders right.
The sheer volume of business at this McDonalds is staggering. The place is clean and the staff put the fast in the great food that they serve.
Too many homeless people! Also, this dinning area is quite filthy!
The coffee is good. It is clean and warm and safe. Afterwards, I always regret eating there.
This is honestly a pretty solid McDonald's for how much BS they have to deal with. They have late hours too!
Great Deals on there app earn a free mocha frappe after 5 on the app  $2 mocha you can buy all day love McDonalds
Skip this McDonald's. Never received any terrible service unlike this one. Better off eating street food or dumpster diving.
Not too bad of a location. Busy, no drive thru, but fast & friendly service!
Ok food not the best but decent for those looking for somthing quick. I recomend there beaccon cheeseburgers or taste craft burgers or u can go old school and order a bic mac
Friendly staff but the place gets shady after 11 pm. Though it's open till 3AM, i would not recommend going for late night cravings.
It's ok for a beach side McDonalds. A bit of a homeless presence but not as bad as you would see in downtown LA.
busy but its a good place if you want fast food bathroom Need More attention
Got my order wrong rude and disrespectful. Worst McDonald's I've bee to
Got my order wrong. Didn't make it right. Too many fiends approach diners. This location lost a $30-$80 a week customer today. 5/7/18
All my food items was fresh will come to this restaurant again
I liked the service and the food was better than my local McDonald's.
Very nice McDonald ½
The problem is with these Mexican cashiers.When they have s Mexican customer they all know each other.So after they order.They chit chat.Even when it busy..plus they get better customer thsn the Whites do.And that to me is discrmmation
Awful! awful! Awful!!!  bad service never going back.Girl calling out the numbers was wispering them on purpose so customer wouldnt hear for tbeir orders!
Wen you buy 20 peace chiken naget or more aniway you can have only 4 souce  ,,that not cool carl 
"Way too many homeless hang our here, makes the place and area seem dangerous and dirty.
Restrooms were not so clean ï¿½ï¿"
Clean place even crowded. Even the food seems high quality also free parking. Near Santa Monica Pier
I gotta have my mcdonalds dl the app for steals
Duh duh duh duh duhhhhh I   m lovin it. It ½ï¿½
I order a large combo and they gave me less price than what I pay for and the lady didn't give me my receipt or ketchup or honey-mustard very rude people never going there again
Good location and friendly staff,  but lots of homeless people in and around the restaurant
Every time i visited outside Bangladesh,it was trusted food for us..Everytime i bite in the burger i enjoy..
Horrible customer service and they will get your order wrong more often than not. Still horrible customer service 2 mths later.
Like the new look and their own parking garage. Didn't like the automated machines taking over the the actual staff.
If you don't stop at this McDonald's after the beach, you are weird.
Fast dependable service.  Excellent outdoor pavilion.
Very nice very quiet very efficient not chaotic the way it used to be a very big Improvement go visit
I love this place I like  to see the people who  enjoy their time.
Toilets can get manic and get big queues as it's right near the pier, everything else is what you expect from a typical McDonalds
I always have bad experience with drive through. Always missing something from my order
The girl taking orders couldn't understand even after I drove up to the window...at the end my order was wrong as usual
Actually a really good McDonald's , the food seemed higher quality than normal and I actually bought more afterwards because it was better than expected.
Very pack at times but staff are still giving orders  
Service is great but the restaurant has a smell of homeless all over.
Doing a good job for the amount of business that comes in daily.... but try to be patient.... mistakes happening often
Not the best one I have been in. Time in line was long and food was wrong. Disgusting bathroom
Very friendly services, nice and clean, I felt  comfortable eating inside.
The food that they sell here is great you should always get the hamburgers fries and the soda drink coca cola is best
Typical MacDons. You CAN go in here and just use the bathroom for all my folks looking for bathrooms you don't have to pay for around SM.
Bad service gave us sparkling water instead of sprite also it takes about 45 minutes to just get a vanila cone and your food
The people there were kind of annoying, but the food did look like the the commercials, or close enough. Nice place close to the pier.
It was really nice that they had the outdoor seating open.
Nice customer service skills but about 250% more than your neighborhood McDonald's, unless you live in this neighborhood  
Went twice to order a big order of food and both times our food was not ready on time and the large orders were not done correctly. Something was missing on both occassions.
Food ok, not good with kids, dirty and lot of weird and homeles people. Better avoid and try subway next door.
Worst McDonald's I have been to,  Spanish is fine but you must know more than the menu and currency  in English..they looked at me like I was dumb when I tried to explain a problem using words that weren't on the menu
Fast and clean, what else do you ask from a McDonalds? Certainly not high quality food...  
"Food was warm it WAs ok.
There is security in the joint tho and just crazy but het it's la"
Location left adjacent off the train station and a couple of blocks from the pier but also very crowded so check your food
I found a hair in my food.
Same as other McDonald's and somewhat crowed
Always crowded nice clean restroom food tasted great as expected the only bad thing was no refills
Too many bums, transients, vagabonds, crack heads and beggars flowing through these doors. Very disturbing to say the least. I hope to never return.
Its mc donalds...its close 2 my home..its usual fast and the food it hot
It's small and packed but they were pretty fast for the food.
It had dirty bathrooms and the service was very slow for fast food,besides that the food was good.
Crowded but prompt service. Got order right. Accommodating. Easier than I thought.
My visit was just to get a gift card, and this location is very unorganized. Not clean in the dining room area at all.
BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE. THEY LEFT MY FOOD OUTSIDE FOR 10 MIN BEFORE THEY SERVED ME. WHEN THEY WERE ABOUT TO SERVE ME, THEY FINALLY COVERED MY FOOD; BY THE WAY, I WAS WATCHING THEM THE ENTIRE TIME. HORRIBLE SERVICE.
Not to much of a fan of the menu but some of the ice coffee drinks are good. This location is always busy and full not the cleanest ether.
don't shop here if you like refills on your drinks you'll find out that this is the only McDonald's in the world that doesn't give free refills unfortunately
Fast friendly but not so much if you're homeless
Macdonald always is easy on pockets on budgets, and thank God this was clean the way I remember it used to be.
"Unsafe experience.
Lots of homeless people inside and out.A few even smoking weed.
Place was too dirty."
Id like drink my coffee with black straw.
I had to navigate around some homeless people to go inside. Some of them must have sat in the chairs because the chair I sat in smelled of sweat. I changed to another table and it was dirty. I'll never go back to this McDonald's.
Good hot food but a lot of homeless people, they have security though.
"Horrible!!!!.employees with attitude, I ordered one chicken deluxe grilled and medium fries and they tossed the fries to the tray. The whole order was cold too.
Thanks for nothing.!!!!"
"Clean and organized mcdonald's with friendly personnel.
Attention: The Restrooms are locked for public!!!
You need to ask!"
Shared an enjoyable lunch with a friend on the patio. I had a quarter cheese and fries and diet Dr. Pepper.
Take out was great and fast specially at that time.
Very Beautyfull
Outdoor seating was nice and the facility was very clean. Staff were very nice.
Very clean and fast. Despite the occasional  homeless begger asking for change.
In the heart of Santa Monica where there is no parking anywhere, it's a breath of fresh air to see a stree-level Under-Building Parking for McDonalds.
Not a bad McDonald's at all considering how busy it was. A lot of good people watching here.
Too many homeless outside and inside the restaurant
The service was adequate and there was a lot of seating space for the group I went with.
Even though it is crowded, I feel it was pretty fast and efficient to grab a bite.
Worst McDonald's ever. Unfriendly staff, they don't pay attention to what they're doing. Place isn't clean. They're rude to homeless people.
Oh it was so good and the pie was great!
It was okay but they only had 2 apple pies when I wanted 4. Other than that its aight.
I had a fly in my mc flurry...and i got yelled at about it ... im sorry.. last i checked the customer was right...
Alright service but could use some more speed in handing out ordres with less aduittud
Terrible food, order delivered incomplete.
Least expensive place to eat by the Santa Monica Pier very clean with great service
Very fast and friendly one of the best MCDONALD'S I have eaten in awhile.
This Mcds is so busy.  I guess cuz its so cloe to Santa Monica Pier.   Lots of people and lots of homeless people outside.
Quick not busy and clean with good customer service.
They will let you use the bathroom.Give you a cup of water and amidst all the huddle.and bustle they still treat you well.
I had a great expericence but a lot of prices got bumped up because it 3rd street
Very, very busy but the staff did a great job of keeping it orderly
Super fancy expensive lots of eye candy
This mc donald is nice,great service and on top of all affordable and clean restroom
No refills on soda pop?! They also saved money by not giving me my breakfast sausage. Two stars though for having the lights on.
The staff takes your order fast, and your food is ready fast too.
Slow as far as service goes..
Just can't get enough of those french  
ýýýýýýýýýýýýFULL OF CRAZY HOMELESS PEOPLE...BUT ýýýýýýýýýýýýGOOD HOT FRESH FOOD AND OPEN 24 HRS  FOR LATE NIGHT'S ýýý
Easy & FREE parking and surprisngly clean and secure for how many people pass through.
can't stand their food it gives me a stomach ache and cramps and makes me sick to my stomach every time I eat there the only thing I can tolerate is a salad
A typical McD with a good place to sit n relax with awesome food
The service took forever, sat in the drive thru for 30minutes and when we finally got our food all the orders were wrong.
They are open for take-out and drive-through they don't accept EBT
Nice McDonald's very close to Santa Monica Pier - busy but fast service
Worst McDonald's in santa Monica  ,  every time I order they always get my order wrong and the miss count my exact change just a bunch of special ed kids in there running the place
Hotspot for the homeless. Some people were very rude and bothering little kids. This seems routine and manager didn't do anything to remove these people.
They made 3 mistakes on my order, once,  twice, ok but 3, makes me think they are not paying attention
Bad service. Rude cashiers. Wanted a number 2 and somehow ended up with 2 cheeseburgers. Very crowded.
"Employee have bad attitude.. I used WiFi.i spent my money..to eat good food
..."
The busiest McDonald's in SoCal. But good food and efficient order processing.
There are too many bums roaming the place without proper covid protection, stay away if you want to live!!
Proper Nice food. Hash Browns were banging. Defo Recommend.
There was people fighting in there, it was honestly disturbing and the food was overpriced from what other mc donalds are like.
2 stars because I had to dodge beggars and also because I got charged for a refill, that must be a California thing, but it's uncalled for.
We love it. ½ï¿½
This place doesn't offer any of McDonald's nationwide deals. Also no refills on any drinks.
Some Mc Donald's cook the best Bic Mac such as Santa Monica
I like chicken nuggets, so I like this place
My first time there and it doesn't have drive thru
Well i like any MCDONALD'S but now there is starting to be more homeless people now
The food is always fresh over here and fast service
Dead zone for cell service? Odd.
a little dirty but the place was packed
Cheese was not melted in my cheese burger. French fries were good though
Best food I've ever tasted in my entire life.
this McDonald's was full of homeless people, and they had a security guard at the door and there was no place to sit because all the homeless people had all the tables.
Good to grab a quick bite but most of the time is pretty full
Mic Rib sucks has to be great, now it's a thin price of who knows what
Good
The worst McDonald's ever 6 people got their order before us mind you we only ordered 2large fries and 2 cones yet all the people that ordered after us got the food ahead of us bs
Pathetic place. It is so dirty inside. Very poor customer service. First time I had a bad experience in McD
Fast and friendly service...but full of weird people and homeless guys.
Mmm Burger today tastes as good as a burger tomorrow.  Or the same burger in 30 years. Mmmm
Great McDonald's 24 hours on the weekend, they put up with alot give them a break
Was a great decision to make a quick stop awesome service and point ordinance.
McDonald I bought a something to eat there to buy a ice cream and cooking too and food to eat too it was good ?..
Too many weird people around, the crew it's tough with customers and sometimes the food comes to you cold
I hate that they got rid of the self serve drinks but I understand they have a homeless issue.
Holy smokes.Busiest McDonald's I've ever seen.And those people were killing it.Nice Job.
Good price and nice cool soft drinks, particular like the ice tea.
Great location, menu, cleanliness and quality/price ratio.
Food was not good.  Friendly service from team members.
Only because I used the online ordering through there app and it was a mess but still the best MC
So slow for a coffee and mcflurry
The restrooms are dirty and need more attention,also tables needs to get clean more often.
Have started going here more often without trepidation since they've cleaned it up.
It was very busy, but the wait was no long at all.
They were quick, and pleasant to do business with. Amen.  ½ï¿½
Rush rush rush you out. No refills. Paid $9.50 for a quarter pounder meal and no refill!
"I have a baby who needed a diaper change.. And they have no changing tables ! :(
I had to change my baby in a little corner where we were sitting ... :("
Horrible experience, dirty restaurant and homeless people sleeping inside.  I was going to eat in but I left right away.
The manager is rude and speaks to her employees in spanish to insult customers,  Security guard was creepy
Alot of homelessness but with the volume they have they pump the food out fast .
Fairly busy, staff friendly.
Very polite employees and excellent service very well managed
It was OK the people at the counter look at you like they don't want you there its not cool and you ruin my day
WOW. Different looking mcdonells with nice interior. Lot's of self service screens.
The worst Macdonald's that I have never been befor, dirty, crowded of homeless people and unfriendly staff .
Drug addicts loitering at the entrance during Covid 19 pandemic- not cool. ï¿½
Garbage, unhealthy and overpriced food.Stay away if you love your healthy life styles
This McDonald's can't get their act together please take down the sign and close the dam place down..1st diet coke flat order was wrong..close this place DOWN
Service was more than slow and didnt even get my order right
The person at the Drive threw window is Awesome Thank You Jaden.
Terrible fries. Only thing i ever order yet they couldnt do it correctly. They had one job! So sad.
Cold fries. Property full of bums. One even got aggressive toward me and asked for my French fries.
Eh nice service, it was fast and very crowded it was difficult to seat and eat.
Great and fast service even if it is very crowded!
Cheap fast food open late
A lot of fake non homeless beggars around , same dog with a different person begging with him every day
THE LOCATION IS A DRUG DEN RIGHT UNDER THE STAFFS NOSE. SECURITY IS A JOKE. THE CHOPPY ENGLISH OF THE MORNING MCDONALD'S FRONT LINE AND THE SECURITY STAFF LOOK LIKE AGING GANG MEMBERS
cheap good for a quick filler...busy but,fast service! One block from pier...
Always ridiculously crowded, but quick and good service.
This place gets crazy busy but what I don't like is that you didn't get free refills on sodas.
Crowded. Kind of unorganized. Food was so-so. No free refills on drinks??? Santa Monica is Boujie!
Slow service and terrible location. It's like homeless central in there
Has great deals on all food
Quick and prompt service. Excellent Food A+
The attitude from lady who delivers the orders to the tables unacceptable. She trows the ketchup.
Very fast.  Great coffee. Accurate order fulfills.
Place is dirty. Also ordered a strawberry sundae all melted..
What can I say.  Its McDonalds.  They quality is good and consistent.
I love the food and the area. I will come back
Seems like they just want u out of there now days
Very bad service, pushing customers out of their parking lot in half an hour!
They are very busy, the employees are diligent.
As with most McDonald's it was clean and fast serving times!
a little small, but cheap and a good way to have a quick meal
NO REFILLS? C'MON  ½ï¿½
Good McDonald fast food to go to. Safe location and good service.
Worst McDonalds ever!  Have the slowest service and  rude cashier
How many homeless people loitering around the building, makes customers feel uncomfortable
Terrible customer service. Ruby was one of the rudest people I ½ï
Fresh good fast bite to eat inexpensive with the app and value menu
Fast taking orders but a long line to wait
Typical McDonalds food. Only reason I gave this 3 stars is there are too many schizophrenic homeless people there.
Not very nice inside or out. Very crowded & packed with homeless people.
Had fruit parfait. Should increase more healthier options
Bad customer service! No beverage refill and no sauce place.
They give your order to other people they are so rude after the fact
Great too!
Very dirty and bathrooms were closed. Standard MD food otherwise.
They stay open late and have good wifi.
Great,  locaton, busy place, good service,  free parking.
It was good but it gave me heartburn really bad.
Very rude and impolite clerks. Aweful customer service.
As standard... good service and good food
Standard McDonald's. For some reason they charge more for the apple pie's than other locations. Always a lot of homeless people camping out.
Constant fast food chain when they get your orders correct
Bitchen
Very busy, very growded and not so tidy. Staff was friendly.
Best place for a budget no questions asked.
Went for morning coffee and the cashier ladies are just wonderful.
Waited over 20min for 2 coffees. The cash register issued a bad number
They had a great parking lot they had a great parking lot
Good
It's alright but it really needs friendlier employee.
Nice service but word xperience with sicked homeless
Very well managed, heavy traffic, but still quick!
The lines are a bit long, but fast service.
Drinks are nice and within budget. Fries are standard.
Someone took my order, I had to wait a little longer but they made it work the wait they made up for there mistake.
Food was good but it was very crowded.
Better since no dinning inside
Not my favorite location. Fairly sketchy with kids.
I have been trying to reach the location by phone and all I get is ringing then a fax sound it's been 20 hours!I lost wallet in their & very frustrating.
Securities were rude. Messy and they forgot my order.
It's a McDonald's. They serve McDonald's here. Outdoor seating available.
Too many crazy homeless people and prices are more expensive than regular mcdonalds
Much better than the ones back home in the UK
Homeless people smelling too bad asking for money and food while you trying to eat and nobody does anything ...  
McDonald's is trash food you all know that
Original McDonald's site museum.  Lot of memorabilia's. Donated by many people that bought or worked there.
Delivering a great experience anywhere in the world. Had a great meal.
Busy place with good service. Free Wifi for travellers
Omg no refill on drink and forgot my son's nuggets
Avoid this one, if possible. Homelesses and crews are not so friendly either. Priced are higher here too.
They didnt get my order right and my food was cold
Not too crowded, so service was great
Watch out for the punk ass security and his taxed ready to taze innocent homeless women!
Very busy store but food is what you expect from a maccas
Thanks for my burnt buttermilk chicken sandwhich on my birthday  
Service is good and fast.
Love the fish o filet!!
Terrible service we was waiting for two smoothies that we never got.
Busy, alot of people and very not clean in the sitting area
Slow as a frozen pig and service was no good
Always friendly and quick service. As well as clean .
Service wasn't all the friendly.
Bad customer service and took over 30 minutes for an iced coffee..
Like the food it has parking bad thing it doesn't have a drive trough
They don't have combo items.  this place is so busy.
Shouldn't be impossible to serve lunch 5 min early
How do y'all run out of spicy chicken sandwiches?
Great Service w/ Smile , ½
Worst service at a mcdonalds ever and homeless people vacate the toilet.
Automated ordering kiosks are a great addition to cut down waiting time.
They actually have the glazed nuggets and the ice cream machine is always on !!
Very fast, clean place. Perfect
Take to long
All i ordered was a soda and it took half an hour to get one.
Real rude manager refused to take my order and was rude to her helper
They make the best hotcakes and frappes. No kidding
Location is awesome. Public restroom is lifesaver
I make this mistake every once in a while.  It is terrify at night with all the homeless.
I ever arrive here when I visit Pier cause it's cheaper than restaurants.
Very very very bad work ethic......all crews need to be replaced
It's McDonalds. It is what it is. You want fast, cheap, food then this is the place.
Busy...could be slightly cleaner.
Very big.  Lots of space for sitting
Rapid service - fastest McDonalds I've seen so far.
The homeless people made it a lot more interesting.
It's clean and there
Can be real crowded at lunchtime, doesn't take EBT cards
Clean facility.. nice kiosk to order!
Very small place, the coffee wasn't so good, very crowded
Nice location! Good weather, good food.
Maybe it's famous but I don't recommend it to you.
Great as always. Good shopping in area.
Clean place, nice people, good food.
Horrible customer service
Close to the pier
Crowded, but they always keep it clean and safe
Didnt buy food.. just sit down to check my email
YOU KNOW MCDONALD'S
Great fast food and service
Many people but good food
ILoveMacFonald.make me Beautyful flashback. :)
Your basic McDonald's experience.
Better now theres less bums inside
Very busy place just stopped for coffee
Chicken nuggets well done crispy n fries
Nice place with outdoor seating area.
Super busy and messy. Toilet required staff to open
Big 24 hour service restaurant, with outdoor seating.
Nice location.. the food is terrible
Soda is not refil and you ask for napkin,  catch up...
Great experience. Food was great, the ice cream machine was working. You can take the elevator or the stairs upstairs for the arcade fun. Also side note I did lost my phone while here and the employee was so great I wish I had her name but she made finding my phone a priority. Me and my family will be returning here again next time we ½ï¿
The staffs were very friendly and our food was good. The facility was clean. They were very busy and our food was was good. However, our food was not delivered until about 30 minutes after we placed our order. We wanted to try McDonald   s pasta. I 
"Love the world's largest McDonald's.  Has a kids Play Place, fun arcade upstairs, elevator, can order pizza and many other cool menu items.

Although usually busy, service is on pace. Got my meal in about 15 minutes.  I love this location. Found parking in about 10 minutes."
My experience visiting this place was not good. It was not because the place that is a nice building with many things to do specially for kids but for the service. This McDonald's offers Pasta and Pizza and I had the terrible idea of order a pizza along with many other things. I have to wait more then an hour and 15 minutes for it.  The place was plenty of tourists many of them in groups like mine and most of them had the same problem. The staff attention was not good. They were overwhelmed and didn't warning about the long waiting time. In some cases one hour and a half. This is considered the largest McDonald's in the World so it is another tourist attraction in the city. They should improve their service, especially in the pizza area. As a positive comment, I received a second ration of one of my orders for free in retribution for the long wait. My recomendation is not to order pizza if you are in a hurry, with a large group and during busy times.
This McDonald   s is one of the nicest and coolest McDonald   s I   ve ever been to. It is a two story McDonald   s with a play place and an arcade. They offer non traditional menu options, such as build your own pasta, ravioli, pizza, cake, cheese cake, etc. it truly is a one of a kind McDonald ½ï¿
The aesthetic of this location was really cool. There is a huge arcade inside as well as play area for kids. Two floors, tons of seating, an aquarium and a bunch of other cool stuff. I was expecting a little better service and food quality with it being the largest McDonald's in the country. It was cool to be able to order pizza and pasta since that is not something typically available at McDonald's but as expected, it wasn't incredibly flavorful. Prices were a bit higher than normal McDonald's as well but with all the extras at the restaurant that makes sense.
The World largest McDonald's is a must to visit if you have kids. Besides the typical menu items, you can order pasta and pizza, customized to order. The dessert menu is not a large selection but pretty tasty. Only downside is the wait for the food ... about 30 minutes for us so the food was room temperature when we received it. Of course, the kids can and will spend hours exploring the play area and arcade (a few of the games were out of order and not many prizes to choose from). The place was packed when we visited. Overall a good experience!
"Hands down best McDonald's ever!! We loved the game room.
The prices were so reasonable, $25 was more than enough chips to play for as long as we wanted.
They restaurant was clean, the food was fresh and staff was friendly. It also had an elevator that goes to and from the game room and restaurant."
"World largest McDonald's. Food is the same, they have pizza and pasta too. The seating and ordering process was quick and easy, but actually getting the food on time together was a challenge.

Our burgers came in fairly fast 10 minutes or so, but pizza took 30 minutes+ from the time when we ordered it. I had to come down and ask for my order for them to give me the pizza.

Honestly, this worth a single visit, especially the playground if you have kids. If you looking for a quick bite, I would go to the other locations with less people and quicker service."
It is called the largest McDonald   s in the world! Exterior looks great and interior as well. Two storied building with play area for the kids. Mainly because of the world famous universal studio and Disney park and the other tourist facilities this McDonald   s is always busy. However, it   s not among the best in terms of service quality! Long waiting for the order! No matter you use the kiosk or go to the counter to order your food, get prepared to wait longer than usual McDonald ½ï¿
Wow!! Every McDonald   s should be like this place in my opinion. They have arcade games and a playground all in the second floor. Kids love it here we easy spend about 2 hours, playing and eating and playing again. All food orders are made using the kiosks on the first floor and you take a number and find yourself a table. Your order will be brought to yo
"This place is huge! Large play place and fun arcade.

Pizza at McDonalds?! Yup, we tried it. Overall it was delicious and had great flavor, although the crust was a little thin for my liking.

Overall fairly clean, floors were a little sticky. Bathrooms were clean."
We couldn't wait to visit!!! The atmosphere is a little hectic but the food is amazing! Definitely not food you would eat at your hometown McDonalds. Highly recommend the pesto pasta and chocolate peanut butter cake. Don't forget to visit the arcade and play center upstairs. Watch your child's face light up when you pull into the parking lot!! Highly recommend
The only reason i am giving this McDonald   s a 3 is because of how dirty the bathrooms were! The food was good and the arcade they had was fun. I ½ï¿½
This location is nice and they deliver the food to your table. Only 4 stars though because the food was cold when it arrived. Probably would have given it 3 stars, but I got 2 extra nuggets in my happy meal.
If you love McDonald's this is the place to go. They say it's the world's largest McDonald's. The menu is definitely a bit different with pizza, pasta and waffles as options. There was even an arcade upstairs and a elevator to get up. The sign says the restaurant is open 24-7 which is nice when leaving the amusement parks.
We had the best time visiting the Largest McDonald's in the World!  This place is GREAT!  A must see if you're in the area!  I had the pizza and it was fantastic!  Next time, I'll try the pasta!  Staff was super friendly & helpful as well!
Great experience. We came here on a recent trip to Orlando. They have a large selection of foods. They also serve pizza and pasta. There is a large bakery selection. On the second floor you can dine at one of the many tables or play in the large arcade. There is a large kids play area, but that is currently closed due to COVID.
"World   s biggest McDonald   s. They serve Pizza and Pasta here, I tried them both.
To be honest I didn   t know what to expect from the pasta but I guess i"
This place was HUGE & very busy. All of the upstairs was a play jungle gym & an arcade along with some seating. A very diverse menu..the usual but also fire oven pizza bad pasta. I   m giving it three because it was SO slow. I know 
Very cool place, got food on menu you will not see at any other McDonald's.  The pasta was cool but not the best. Service was really good.  Had a good time...
Overall a good experience at this McDonald's, the largest in Florida, if not the country a very big place. I actually did not go upstairs to the arcade area, just ate and ran. But additional options here, pizza and pasta, I had both and both equally good     ½.  A little longer wait for those items, so expect the additional cook
Came in on a Thursday night after a Magic game around 10:15 pm for the first time.  It was crowded with adults and children.  The ordering lines were long and playground was 70% full.  Seeing a few people with luggage and felt this could be there first or last meal in Orlando.  This is the biggest McDonald's in the world and the menus are different too, with pizza and pasta.  We tried the pizza and it was actually pretty good.
Well, I guess I checked something off my bucket list I didn't even know I had... The WORLD'S biggest McDonald's?! How cool!! Pasta on dishware - at McDonald's?! Yes please! The place was a madhouse, but worth it for the experience. It was our first night visiting Orlando so we didn't let our kiddo run around the H U G E play area... I know, kinda mean. But the amount of children in it and not knowing how often it was cleaned had me a little nervous. Definitely worth the visit, even for just a cheeseburger! And KUDOS to all employees, this place is NUTS! AND a drive-thru?! Bless y'all.
This was a great experience. I was staying at Orlando for a week and this was one of the places I wanted to go to. The pizza was really good, Mac tonight was also there which was mind blowing. My only complain was the pizza was pretty greasy, but other then that, I would recommend this for people staying at Orlando
Fantastic restaurant. You must visit when in Orlando. The service was good. The wait time for the premium menu items was reasonable. It was very clean and the staff was exceptional.
"The food was quality but service took a while.

I liked the food a lot. I had heard of the location having pizza and pasta so I got both. I also got a large fries a burger and drinks. Me and my party enjoyed the food and honestly the pizza was in some ways better than other pizza places.

Only con:
I'd recommend going through the drive through and not getting the special items only because the wait when you order pizza or pasta is increasing fast. Not sure if this is a regular issue but seems like when I have gone it's like this."
"Not entirely sure what I expected when going to the worlds largest    McDonalds    - I mean it   s just a fast food place right? Wrong.

The place is huge - brick ovens for thin and crispy pizzas, hand crafted pasta and speciality meal stations, the everyday McDonald   s kitchen then followed by a staircase to an arcade, playhouse and more sit down area.

The pizza was only $10 after toppings. It was a small personal pie - thin and crispy b"
Great place for the kids, playground  and playroom are great. I recommend  you the 30 min for just $5 play card while waiting for your food... it can take longer that other McDonald, very busy place.
This by far is one of the coolest McDonald's you will ever go to! It apparently is one of the largest in the world and is 3 to 4 stories tall! It has a special menu that is only designed for this McDonald's specifically which makes it extremely unique.. they have made to order pastas and pizzas.. now I went today at 1:15 in the afternoon in order to pizza and I got it within 15 minutes.. but before warned if you go during a busy time it could take up to 45 minutes.. and unfortunately that is the downfall dislocation is on Sand Lake Road which is in a tourism driven area off of International Drive and it is one of the busiest locations you will ever go to.. if you go during one of these peak times it is unbelievable how busy and how disorganized the location can actually be... but when they are firing on all cylinders it can be a fantastic experience... when you get the pieces or the pastas it is absolutely high and restaurant quality... it's literally amazing to go into a McDonald's for god sakes.. and get restaurant quality food of this caliber.. my pizza is Ace stone Brick Oven fired pizza and it is fantastic! And it was only a little over $11 with tax that is wonderful.. if you're ever in the area you should definitely try it ï¿½ï
Had to check out worlds largest McDonalds. 2 pizza   s took 40 minutes to come out. Customer service was nice, didn ½ï
I went two times during my visit at Orlando, the first one I took a pizza, it was s great experience have pizza at a McDonalds franchise, the cons is that took about 50min to my pizza get done. Second time a ordered a Deluxe Crispy Chicken and it was great, fast service, nothing to complain.
Overall great place to just look... just look... The pizza was not the disappointment but the decision in ordering the pizza. If anyone wants to eat nasty pizza I recommend buying frozen pizza. It takes 30 mins to get the pizza upon ordering it. It has no cheese and the toppings were underwhelming. The frozen pizza in your local grocery might be a better option.
"We are in Orlando Florida celebrating my son's 13th birthday so why not check out the world's largest McDonald's.
The place is huge with people from all places checking it out too.
It's 2nd floor is full of arcade games and a children's play area.
They have a pasta and pizza section with a brick oven.
They have multiple touch screen ordering kiosks with people always in queue.
I ordered online with the McDonald's app and picked it up in store or else I would have waited in line.
The whole store is bright and clean including the restrooms.
One thing you like about McDonald's it's the same flavor anywhere in the world you go."
This place can be such a Hotspot since it's so special with having pasta pizza waffles and is so unique, but compared to other McDonald's the taste of even a cheeseburger wasn't great. The only highlight was the service the place was clean and the staff very attentive. But good service alone is not enough of the burgers are bad.
This is the busiest McDonald's Ive ever been to. They have the process of customer care down to a science. If you order to go use a kiosk because eating in could take a while because a server has to walk the food over. They have a pastry cafe and the play area is massive. The employees are nice and gave great service. Just a heads up. I would avoid the drive thru between the hours of 7am-Midnight. Those are the times when people are either going or coming from theme park.
Kids love mickey d's so we had to stop by. You order from a kiosk and wait for your number to be called. Thought it was weird they didn't have the hot n spicy but it was pretty cool just to be there. They do have pizza and pasta but we opted to stick to the originals we know. Game room is small but again it's all about the experience.  Don't expect much and you won't be disappointed:)
"This ""Big McDonalds"" is a very nice establishment. The staff seemed to be efficient and friendly. Even better than the food was the arcade $5 for 30 mins of unlimited play. (A few games are broken but that was okay) If you choose to buy credits instead you can buy things with the tickets you earn. (Like chuck'e'cheese)

Note: The playplace is currently closed due to covid, it will soon open according to my sources though."
This McDonald   s is known as the    biggest ½ï
The Play Place, and mini arcade, on the second floor definitely make this place! The food is actually brought out to you which is nice and there are some novel items on the menu, but it's still just McDonalds (with higher prices). Is definitely worth stopping at if you have child that likes the Play Places!
"This McDonald's is definitely a must be location if you're a fan of the Big Mac, the pizza is surprisingly good the staff is super kind they constantly ask you if you need help her if everything is good.

There's plenty of tables to accommodate everybody, wait time and fast.

And if you're Coca-Cola connoisseur the soda fountain is perfect.

Super clean upstairs as a full arcade really cool if you have kids definitely stop by here you have a chance."
This being billed as the largest McDonalds in the world, I had to stop and see it. It is certainly BIG. They have a dessert station, brick oven for pizza and huge play area for the kids. When I stopped it was busy and the employees were friendly and helpful. The restaurant and dining area appeared clean, which is difficult to do in a high volume fast food restaurant. I just grabbed a burger and shake and it was typical McDonalds.
This place is really busy. Not your average McDonald   s they serve pasta desserts and pizza at this location. We waited about 25-30 minutes for 2 happy meals. Only went here for the experience. I will staff the staff was very professional and polit
Awesome to be able to say I was at the biggest McDonald   s in the world! It   s massive with multiple levels which includes a play area as well as an arcade with some Very cool games to 
"BIGGEST MCDONALD'S IN THE WORLD!!!

We drove by this McDonald's and talked about how it was probably one of the biggest McDonald's in the world. After googling it it was! So we had to stop in!

It was definitely a cool experience. They offer More options than just the traditional McDonald's. We did build our own pasta and the pasta was excellent!

They also offer pizzas and different pastry options. Like cheesecake, cake, ice cream specialties.

This is a two-level McDonald's but looks to be four stories.

The first floor is the dining and kitchen. Second floor is a large play place that's two storage tall and they also have a arcade where you can earn points towards toy prizes. Kind of like Chuck e cheese..

We spent a few hours here It's spent around $30 for four of us. So it wasn't that bad.

Definitely cool to say you into the biggest McDonald's in the world!"
This is a very unique location. They offer pasta and pizza, something you would not find at any other McDonald's. They have a huge Play area for kids and a nice number of play machine la that requiere a play card. Imagine some sort of chuck e cheese but in a 2 stories building. Unfortunately, it is just like many other McDonald's, food is ok service is bad and place is a mess.
"Pretty awesome place. On top of your standard items, they sell pasta, pizza and pastries. Surprisingly, the pizza and pasta was quite good, for McDonalds. The place also offers a very reasonable arcade, $5 unlimited play for 30 minutes. The only draw back to the timed purchase is that you don't earn tickets. They do have a trade in booth with prizes for your tickets.
Overall, we came here for the experience of going to the world's largest McDonalds and came out pretty satisfied with the while experience. Enjoy y'all!"
Massive size, diverse menu, and captivating ambiance. Arcade games, play area, and free Wi-Fi add to the fun. Minor wait times during peaks. Highly recommended for MCDs enthusiasts. The mcpizza and other menu items I have never seen before. The prices are higher and there are many, many people here. Cool to visit and see.
"Dude!          ½""world's largest McDonald's,"" But it is NOT the world's largest McDonald's parking lot! There was hardly enough parking for cars, let alone bigger vehicles.
We have a 26 ft Class C RV. There is no oversized parking. We got lucky with parking, but others did not.

But seriously, If your family likes McDonald's, this McDonald's is worth it!
We ordered pizza and chocolate cake.. at McDonald's!
(Cake was delicious! Pizza was ...not terrible)     ½

But the most memorable part was the second floor. Not only is there an incredible, gigantic three-story all enclosed play place (with a single entry/exit point!) There is also an extremely large arcade with all sorts of v""around a corner"" and can't be seen from the dining area.  For kids that ""must"" play a game, there are 2 dining tables with touchscreens!

There's plenty of seating (both upstairs and on the main floor) and clean bathrooms on both levels.

The kids will remember this McDonald's!"
Well, this was an experience. It was definitely fun for the kids. Arcade, and a huge play area, when I went to the play area was closed but it was big. This McDonald's has 2 floors, and the typical McDonald's food the twist there is they also sell pasta dishes and pizza. Wow! I know, right?
Arcade and play place on second floor was awesome. This McDonald's offers pizza, pasta, and philly cheese steaks, just to name a few. Ordered from the regular menu however and fries were meh. Warm but soggy. There was a employee walking by asking if everything was ok which lead me to realize I didn't get juice for my happy meals which they retrieved.
A nice big building that lives up to its hype. The entertainment can help the kids distract and enjoying been kids again.  Food was good pizza, chocolate cake woowwww.
We come here every time we are in Orlando and this was the first time we tried the pasta.  It was a little disappointing that you couldn't add chicken or sausage to it but was delicious nonetheless. The pizza and chocolate cake we also very good.  The store was well maintained and clean.  The staff was friendly despite the business.
Playplace was large and 6 year old had fun. Nowhere for disabled 13 year old to sit while brother played. Nowhere to put drinks while playing without occupying eating tables. Not enough tables for guests. Long lines at kiosk. Kiosk menu needs easier ways to find special items. Many people asking for help. Over a half hour looking for parking, had to park at another business and walk over. Needs more space. Staff was all helpful, manager was friendly, Italian section interesting to watch, restaurant was clean. Nice experience, only needs more space.
Great service and the special menu they have it   s really good. The pizza it 
Clean. Was surprised to see pasta and pizza as our local McD's does not have these items. The arcade is upstairs you can take an elevator or the stairs. It is really nice.
Went on a Thursday so it wasn't overwhelmingly busy but still busy enough that there were lines to the kiosks & people wandering to find a cash register employee. Wait time was not bad. Food came in probably 15 mins. We stayed downstairs to receive our trays at the counter, I could see how there would be an issue if you went upstairs to sit & waited for an employee to come find you. The girl who brought our food was very very nice! We received our pastas first even though we ordered the pizza first so I have a feeling it was just sauce pots sitting on warmers to dump quick dishes. Not sure why other comments say their pasta took long. Our pizza came out fine. Really not worth the money but we went for the experience, you get what you get in Orlando... standard happy meal was $8 and pasta meals were $15 for a smallish portion of pasta with a McChicken thrown on top.
"This McDonald's has everything. Even pizza and pasta.
Bear in mind that it's a little expensive if you order items individually. So get the combos if you can that way you save money.

The place was totally renovated a few years back.

Nice place on International Drive."
If I could give it no stars i would. Me and my family have been coming to Florida for 3yrs straight now and we always wanted to stop here, but it was always packed and we could never get in. So tonight we were fortunate to get in with no traffic and when I say I wish we would've kept going. 1st I would start off with its over crowed inside, very unorganized  and no manager direction. Ordered our food at 9:05pm got our order at 9:30 my niece ordered a Belgian waffle at 9:30 on the dot at 10:00pm it still wasn't ready so I asked very politely bc I'm a very nice person if they had made our order # for the waffle the guy said it wasn't ready, but we stood there watching them make waffles and throw them on the shelf so I asked was 1 of the waffles my order he went to check each ticket and sadly not 1 of them was my the order #. I also witnessed him ask 1 of the workers about it. She was an older woman when I say she was very rude didn't care and walked off as he was asking her so at that point I just wanted a refund. Oh no, but it doesn't stop there got in the car my whole order was cold and the lack of work they put into making food is ridiculous. I do not recommend this place and we will never come here again. My burger was missing a whole top layer of meat, lettuce, cheese and sauce. This is beyond ridiculous I was so exhausted with this place I just took it as a lose and went back to our place of stay. This is the worst McDonald's ever!!!!
Well, obviously es a different place in comparatively other McDonald's, but be ready to a lot of people, childrens yelling and running, anyways still such a amazing place.they cook a good pizza that was oh! ..... Worth it.
For this to be the largest McDonald's I wasn't sure what to expect. My daughter wanted to stop by while we were visiting. It was very busy as to be expected. Staff was friendly. Really cool spot. They even have pizza and pasta on the menu. How awesome lol
"Since I'm known as ""Jimmy McRib"" I had to take the opportunity of visiting the world's largest McDonalds, even though it meant and extra hour and fifteen minute drive each way....  Anyways, this place is huge, and legendary among fast food junkies like myself for the fact that they serve pizza and pasta.  I would have been more impressed if they had the McRib too, but it was not to be, even at the world's largest McDonalds.

This was an incredibly busy place, even at 9:30pm.  There are tons of local hotels and tourists were everywhere, with most of them speaking a language besides English.  The restaurant wasn't the cleanest, but that had to be due to the fact that they are open 24/7 and always busy.  To my surprise, the bathrooms were very clean and nice.

Anyways, what is unique at this McDonalds:
- Hand dipped hard ice cream
- Multiple stories, with an arcade and playland upstairs
- A pizza and pasta section
- A big fish tank in the lobby

It was difficult to get into the parking lot due to construction and traffic, but there was plenty of parking.  The one side of the building has a giant neon Ronald McDonald which was cool.  I wanted to try the pizza or pasta, but unfortunately I had eaten a nice dinner about an hour earlier and only had room for a hamburger, which I ordered through the app.  It was pretty hectic inside, with tons of kiosks for ordering, which was helpful since they had different language selections to match the language of those ordering.  Some of my family got hand scooped ice cream, but it was a nightmare, as nobody was working that section, and we had to wait ten minutes after waiting in the busy line at the counter to ask for somebody to help us.  But, they eventually got their hard ice cream and it was good.

It was definitely neat to see this McDonalds, but it was a bit too busy for me, and the workers said that this was light traffic as compared to how busy it gets during the day."
We arrived at this large fast-food chain store at 4:00 pm and were surprised.  Bathrooms with no water taps and unused urinals and toilets.  ATM and soda machine out of use.  And to top it off, dozens of unavailable products, especially those made with ice cream.
We had an amazing experience you ordered upfront and got your number, and they brought the food to you. You can personalize your own spaghetti      and pizza. It costs $15 the plate McDonald's food is the regular price as in all McDonald's it has a real big park upstairs and an arcade which is amazing for the kids to enjoy the only thing that I didn't like was that it was wayyyyyyy to HOT upst
Really cool atmosphere.  However, lines are extremely long (even @ 11 at night). They have about 8-10 kiosks to make your order, but only 1 was operational when I visited. Prices were extremely high (double the price for all menu items from my home state)!
"What a mind blowing McDonald's!
Punch in your order on the screen, pay, then find a seat and staff will find you to deliver your meal. Philly Cheese steak was our #1 pick, the stone oven thin crust pizza was great, and the pasta, considering it was from a fast food place was very good. Kids loved the arcade and play place too."
This McDonald   s is the biggest in the world! There   s 3 levels to this McDonald ½
I don   t know what I was expecting.  It   s a McDonald ½ï
"I   ve been to the USA 7 times since 1988 for both business and leisure. In the 80   s of course it was the dream to go to a US McDonald   s (they sell root beer!) I   ve had Big Macs in LA,NYC, Seattle and Boston.  And now Orlando.

This restaurant looks nice and modern from the road but as soon as you step in     it is dirty    deep down dirty with dirty tables and dirty floors.

The layout means there are very few seats down stairs, so up we went and discovered some giant soft play area/arcade machines - they didn ½ï¿ seriously? There isn   t a single vegetarian in Florida?

And no root beer.

The days of quick convenient fast food are really over for McDonalds and I witnessed it a"
The play place is still shut down due to COVID but the kids still had a good time. For some odd reason, my son LOVES going to McDonald   s even though we only go maybe twice/year and only on road trips. We had to stop here and he was thrilled. We did the $5/30 min arcade card (don 
This is the worlds largest McDonald   s with the largest McDonald   s play place I   ve ever seen in my life. Always quicker service inside i
Really cool McDonalds with different menu items then most. Had a cheese pizza, blue Fanta slushie and a mcrib combo. Pizza was actually pretty good! Store is big but hectic and not the cleanest. Service was super fast, easy self checkout and brought to your table. Young fella delivering table orders was hilarious and a great employee.
"I realize this is a REALLY BIG and REALLY POPULAR location, because it is unique... My friend and I were only in town for a few days, and this is something we wanted to experience.

While there we figured that we would order something, so we both got a dessert item, my friend got a McFlurry, and I got a Hard Ice Cream in a Waffle Cone.

We ordered from the self serve kiosk, for some reason the one we were at was not accepting payment, not sure if the others were broken too? So I went to the one counter that had an Employee and paid there, since it was Ice Cream I was told that it would be available at the Ice Cream counter, which made sense, since that's where the Hard Ice Cream was.

My friend and I waited quite awhile for a Staff Member to notice us standing there, I say notice us, since some came close, but never looked over at us... When one finally did I flagged her down, she told us that she ""has not be told to come here"" then walked away!?!

So, I went to the main counter, as I approached my number was being called from the main counter, so I guess the Ice Cream counter was not the pick up location? Ahh, the McFlurry came from the main counter, but the Hard Ice Cream was coming from the Ice Cream counter... sure, that makes sense I suppose?

I head back over to the Ice Cream Counter, and guess who reluctantly appears? The young Female Employee who was now told to come over to serve me... she DID NOT look impressed to be there! After fighting with the sliding glass doors that cover the Hard Ice Cream for several minutes, she finally got them open, I had to point out the Rocky Road Ice Cream, one small scoop was placed on the Waffle Cone, and I was sent on my way... I'm not sure what it was supposed to look like, since on the Kiosk, it only shows an empty Waffle Cone with no option of its contents.

It was an interesting place, but based on this one visit, I would likely not return unless it was much less busy."
I   m surprised I hadn   t heard about this place before, but we were so glad we stumbled across this McDonald   s while driving along International drive! This place is amazing! Not only do they have unique extra food items lik
Cool McDonald's. They have an arcade and a pizza oven. Definitely not your average McDonald's. Pizza and pasta was great.
"McDonald's tourist trap?! Yeah but worth it.  McPizza was like a really good gas station/bowling alley pizza.
The alfredo pasta... over salty but otherwise, no worse than frozen stoffers or big box store brands.
The Pesto basil was actally not bad.   not Bronx NY italian by any means but yeah... gross.
Playplace for the kids. the video games are not bad.. same money drain as any arcade."
I've obviously been to McDonald's before, but none like this! Tried the pizza and I'll have to admit, it's not perfect, but it's definitely not bad. Crust is a little thin for me. The activities are upstairs and it's like a small Dave & Busters. If you've never been, think about it. It's not a life changer, but fun to see at least once
We were so excited to go here the kids were all excited and we traveled a few hours to get here and it wasn   t that great. They were out of a lot of food, they had no desserts except for apple pie that all McDonald   s offer. They advertise chocolate cake and ice cream but when you go there the counter was shut down. The big huge play area was shut down so no kids play area. Also they had an arcade area that was fun but the big prize area where you cash in your t
"I love McDonalds. Not just their food, but the corporation as a whole. I think it   s awesome to visit McDonalds in other Countries for their    typical    off menu items. Although I   ve been to Orlando various times, I never knew that this city housed a different McDonald   s experience.

I tried several versions of their pasta. I also tried their cheese pizza and peanut butter chocolate cake. All of these items were EXCELLENT.

I never thought I   d eat pasta from McDonald ½ï¿½ï"
This is the nicest McDonald's I have ever been. The kids loved the arcade and the play place. We got a big Mac and pasta. It was very good.
Its most def something else! Has a couple of floors. You go in and go straight to some screens and make your order. They have, pasta, pizza, sandwiches. Full package
Was greeted with a welcoming fish tank as decor and friendly atmosphere from the staff, although it seems like most things in the menu were sold out. Food quality unfortunately did lack, the food does look visually appetizing but lacks in taste and quality. Would recommend stopping by if you want to experience something new.
I had always wanted to go to this McDonald   s as a child but never got to. 30 years, as an adult I finally got to and it didn   t disappoint! Coolest McDonald   s ever!! Everything is supersized!
World's largest Mcdo, though doesn't seem that large inside. Since 6 out of 10 self order points were broken, the wait was very long before being able to order. The food was according to expectations.
Came around 9 pm and while it was busy, they did not take long to have the food ready. We used the touchscreen kiosk to order and they were super easy to use! We got a pepperoni pizza and some alfredo pasta. You can see them cook these, which was pretty cool. They have an arcade upstairs and the place has tons of places to eat.
"You're paying for what you're receiving. This is a crowded McDonald's. Keep that in mind, lines are long, and the food is the same as any other McDonald's except for the specials here, pasta, pizza, and desserts. People are trying their best, so don't expect a 5-star restaurant treatment. If you have time and a limited budget, this will fulfill your curiosity.
P.s. Always check for deals, they always have discounts."
Who knew Orlando, FL has the biggest McDonald's in the world? I didn't until this week. I was pleasantly surprised! This was not a normal fast food dine-in meal. The atmosphere was pretty cool. The menu, I expected. I mean who can get a brick-oven pizza at McDonald's? Pasta, philly cheese steak sandwiches frozen ice cream, and customizable orders from the menu. Oh, I almost forgot about the arcade on the top floor. But what else should you expect since the restaurant is not far from Disney World!
"I think it's the largest in the world! 3 stories, MASSIVE kids playground, the serve pasta dishes on actual plates, a real pizza oven, scoop able ice cream parlor, elevators as well.
I think it's a test kitchen type of thing. Throngs of people. Also automatic trash compactors."
Was very busy and fast paced. But the kids loved it. Definitely a change from our regular McDonald's. Highly recommend the cheesecake ï¿½ï
Unfortunately we didn   t have the best experience here. We waited almost an hour for our pizzas and many of the employees didn   t seem to care. Apparently they lost our order and like 10 others. It was chaos. Everyone was going up and asking for their money back. The only reason I   m giving 5 stars is because the manager, Mashawna, was super kind 
This place was wicked crazy. I went with family, and we all did our own orders, and they missed at least 2 items for every single one of our orders. It was bizarre. I've never seen a McDonalds that serves pizza and pasta and has an arcade. The upstairs where the kids' playground and the arcade were was SO HOT. It was probably borderline unsafe for how hot it was for being inside the building. Especially since the kid's playplace was up there. I would be afraid of kids getting getting dehydrated and potentially even getting heatstroke.
My family really enjoyed this place!! They bring your food to your table. I love the different food options they have.
This Mcdonalds is  two story with a playplace. Therr is also an arcade on the 2nd floor. We used the kisk to order the food and and sat on the 2nd floor, someone delivers. Seems to be steady all the time.
Biggest McDonald's in the US. Has an arcade and huge play place upstairs. You can buy pizza, pasta, cakes, etc here. The kids loved it. The staff was friendly. Our order was right. Even has an aquarium. If you're hungry and want to see it its worth stopping.
The biggest McDonald in the world is here in Orlando, Florida. Great space for share, enjoy, play, kids area for lots of fun  ½ï¿
I wanted to give it more stars for the actual building and huge upstairs playground; and also for the overworked staff. However the food took 50 minutes to get so I had to give it 3. Food was McDonalds so you really can   t grade higher than a 2-3. The staff was busting it the entire time but there was just too many people ordering. There was only one stand to actually order from a person so everything else was done via a self kiosk, which I would bet money on, requires some kind of alteration to the meal that the staff didnï¿
Really fun place and they have freshly made pasta and pizza!! There are cool desserts there to try as well.
"I found a brochure on the world's largest mcds and we had to go! The place itself was super cool! We watched people cooking and had fun in the large play area, and the piano guy kept us singing tunes!

But our fries weren't cooked and they weren't even filled up.  We tried getting service and there was rudeness to help us.  I was seriously underwhelmed at food and service.   It wasn't even busy when we went."
"The pizza is really good.  We got 3 and everyone liked it.  About the size of a medium pizza hut pizza, but oven fired (yes,  there are stone fired pizza ovens in here!) and thin crust. The Philly cheesesteak was really good and the chocolate explosion cake was tasty.     ½
If you order to eat there and order pasta or the cheesesteak, it comes on REAL plates/ pasta bowls.  Thought that was neat.

Not surprisingly,  our fries were cold and the Big Mac was missing a burger... pretty consistent with all other McDonald's on that point.     ½

Service was decent. Our order came up in a decent amount of time, considering the amount of orders they had coming in.

There are several different dining areas,  an arcade,  and a play place.
FYI, you c"
A great unique McDonald's for  the first time pizza  there cooked infront of you  in the oven also ita largest  one  in USA with 2 floors  second floor for kids  arcade  and playground
"Place looks amazing... from the outside. Unfortunately inside was very disappointing. It was a Saturday night so it was busy but it felt chaotic & unclean,  poor staff looked really tired and unhappy. Lots of menu items unavailable, the buns were dried out and drinks had little fizz.... Just like the staff!
A real disappointment as our kids were really looking to our visit. They even left the play area staying that it felt dirty."
Great experience. Food was great, the ice cream machine was working. You can take the elevator or the stairs upstairs for the arcade fun. Also side note I did lost my phone while here and the employee was so great I wish I had her name but she made finding my phone a priority. Me and my family will be returning here again next time we ½ï¿
I don't believe I have ever in my life been too nor knew a McDonald's would make you a fresh made to order omelet. How do the say, "there is a first time fir everything"
"The best thing about the world's largest McDonald's could be the pizza, the cheesecake, the arcade, the jumbo playground.. all that is great but the BEST part of this McDonald's is the MacTonight animatronic mounted on the wall.
 "
This place was so good we went back a second time they have pizza and pasta AND CAKE at McDonald's I rate this place one of the best McDonald's experiences ever don't forget they have a giant play area upstairs that is free as a giant Jungle Gym area and then your best bet is to pay the $5 for 30 minutes of arcade time and you got 30 minutes to play all the games you want
Food took forever to come out. I had ordered a pizza which only took about 15 minutes to come out. Everybody's else's food took about another 30 minutes-overall 45 minutes- to come out. I had long finished my pizza by the time everything else came out. Alot of others had the same issue and there was a line of people asking where their food was. When we finally got it, they didn't even give us everything we ordered. These were the sauces we had ordered and one drinks cup- which you have to fill yourself.
This is a fun place to check out if you   re in the Orlando area. They have PIZZA which was pretty ok. There   s a arcade that my kids really enjoyed! It ½ï¿½
Fun to try McPizza and McPasta! Food was better than expected. Of course, the ice cream machine was down. The place is huge!
Pizza here was actually not bad. I love that u can sit anywhere, and they come find u with the tracker number tents, I contemplated going into the jungle gym to see if they would go in lol but anyway it was great and they have a full arcade phillychese stake sandwich and pasta?? Lol didn't try those, but the cake slices they have looked awesome plus handscooped icecream come on, no brainer, just go before u leave Florida
"Very busy McDonald's. They have, on the second floor, some games for the kids and families, and they also bring the food to your table. They have the regular McDonald's menu, but they also offer others kinds of things like pizza and pasta. I had the opportunity to try the pasta, and it was good. They have different options of pasta, sauces, veggies, and meats that you can add.
Now, this is what happened to me. When you make your order at the screen, and you order pizza or pasta, it is done at a different food station from where they do the regular food. After a few minutes, I got the pasta at my table, but the rest of the order was missing. Sadly, they lost the rest of my order (happy meal and a coffee). After 20 minutes, I talked to the manager about my order, and she didn't  hesitate to help me. She was very nice and she personally took care of my order.
If you ask me if I recommend this McDonald's, it depends. If you're looking for a McDonald's that offers more than burgers, yes. If you want your kids to have a little bit of fun without a time restriction, yes, it is a good option.  But if you are in a rush, no, I don't recommend this McDonald's."
A bakery, a pizzeria, fish tank and arcade in a McDonald   s        Really amazed by what McDonald ½ï¿½ï¿½ï
Don't expect to pay the price you would pay at home at this location. Although a little more pricey this trip to this mcdonalds was worth it.. they have a large arcade located on the second floor,, they have an ice cream and dessert station which serves chocolate cake and a few other types of cakes.This mcdonalds offered Belgian waffles(a little over $9), ham and cheese French toast for breakfast.
Wasn't sure what to expect when we visited the world's largest McDonald's at 1 am. 24 hour run however and a pizza???? Wowzers!!! Definitely an experience i will.not soon forget!
There is much more choice as in other MC Donalds to otherwise he is not the biggest in the world     ½ï
I was shocked to go into a Mcdonald and order grilled chicken alfredo. This McDonald in Orlando, Florida, has a kid area and arcade. They also have pizza that can be purchased. It has two floors accessible with an elevator. Crazy but fantastic at the same time.
"This McDonald's is really nice. Super big and offers other foods other then McDonalds lol. It also has a second floor with more seating and a arcade section for fun. They offer a tap menu option and table service. So once your done ordering thru the self tap options you grab a number and have a seat.

We ordered our regular McDonald's food with the addition of a strawberry and banana waffle. Which was bomb.

I did feel like the store was a bit dirty. But it was probably cause it had a rush. After we left it calmed down and the employees were cleaning.

It is on the more expensive side. We ordered two Mcdoubles (which we had a coupon and applied it) large fries, a small drink and the waffle. The total was 19 bucks... It would have been 23... Lol"
"Growing up in Orlando, I visited this location as a child and knew the Oerther family. Decided to take my child here for her first visit and sadly, was left pretty infuriated.

First, I timed it and it took 25 minutes for us to receive our order. We had to stop and ask an employee what the hold up was. When they finally brought our order out to us, my daughter was missing her drink which you can clearly see on the receipt, is there (Tea & Lemonade). I asked another employee about it, he took my receipt and never came back. So I had to leave my hot food and go stand at the front for a good 5-8 minutes, just to ask a third person for the drink. How hard is it just to give me a cup that I clearly didn   t receive and I will just make it myself at a machine?

They gave me a card to come back for a free meal and apologized but it was beyond frustrating for a $25 McDonalds meal.

The peanut butter cake was delicious and it looks like the ack in service."
This location is said to be the largest McDonald's in the world! We stopped in after a day at Universal. We arrived after 11 and it was crazy busy. Our order took at least 30min before it was ready...but under the very busy circumstances it was understandable. They have unique dishes such as pasta and wood fired pizza which seemed very popular. Multi level seating....games room and various entertainment segments through the store as well to make the experience even better. Lots of free parking and dual drive thru. Overall this McDonalds is a flagship location for sure!
This was my first time visiting this location. The staff was very nice and service was great. The atmosphere was very good. We just didn't get to visit the second floor because the elevator was closed.
This is a big, two floor McDonald's with not only the typical fries and burgers, but also pizza, salads and other foods. They have a kids playground and also an arcade and game area on the second floor.
"It's a great location if you want to wait 30 minutes for extremely subpar food. Fries are stale, food is bland as hell and in pretty sure there is mold on one of my sandwiches?

Also come here so the kid could burn off energy, but the playplace was closed.

Annnyyyyyways. Probably won't return."
Our family went to experience this McDonald's one of a kind menu; the pizza had a great crust, but I will put light sauce next time. My husband loved the Philly cheese steak. The issue was there was lines to make an order, a longer than normal wait, and this was by far the MOST CROWDED McDonald's I've ever been to. Really cool to sit down and watch them make you pizza.
Very nice and freandly place to eat food.A lot of space to play for children.Very nice Staff.
My kids wanted to check this McDonald   s location..    largest McDonald   s    but they forgot to add, slowest service ever in the fast food industry in their description. We waited 55 minutes for our order. The staff was calm & patient despite all of the unhappy people who were waited for almost an hour for their orders as well. To whomever is running this location, please get your staff the proper help that they need. Iï¿½
Very crowded. It is hard to find a table. Many seatings are removed for unknown reasons. My order took literally 30+ minutes to be ready. The sundaes were half melted. If you just need some fast food, there are a lot of choices in the area.
"Checked this off my list.

What
I thought id have to check out the biggest play area at a McDonalds.. I actually have lived in Orlando for over 15 years and today was the first time I went. Upon reading some review, I just realized it is the largest... and an actual tourist attraction... I took a toddler her to play and BOY what an experience.

Environment
This is right off a busy intersection, i-Drive and sand lake. The parking can get packed.. The building is huge! You cannot miss it. It is 2 stories and the play area is quite big as well, with an arcade inside. There are 2 stories, you enter the play area on level 2. You order the food downstairs and you can sit upstairs. There are a lot of self ordering machines so it makes ordering go a little faster? Upstairs was VERY HOT! Like there was no AC... and when you walk downstairs it was cool.

Niceness of the staff
Barely had any interactions with the staff. It was ok.

Dollar
They also sell pizza, and that was ok... it starts at $9 and every topping is at least $1

Yes?
Probably not... not really recommended."
Love this place. There's so much fun inside. After eating you can play some game the game     room is upstairs on the second floor. They're all types of games, it's remind me
This is the only McDonald's in the whole United States that serves pizza. I stopped here after passing through it because it looked like a beautiful building on the outside with multiple floors. The pizza we had was delicious.
The pizza was good but the service was slow and chaotic. It is crowded. I found it odd that this McDonald's had pizza and pasta on its menu BUT NO ROOTBEER. that's weird
World's largest McDonald's and the only McDonald's which serves pizza. Which by the way was quite nice, freshly made there, with a good selection of toppings available. As well as the usual McDonald's food. Plenty of seating available, utilising multiple floors.
This is the largest McDonald's in the world!!!! The menu is much larger here as well. I ordered the Philly cheese steak. Giant playground and arcade on the 2nd floor. Cool experience!
"The place is great!!
The service was fine, I wait for more attention. I'm from Colombia, therefore, We are more service and     in the attention to clients.

Today We had to pay for the spacy Bufalo.  ½ï"
This is by far the best McDonald's, my family, and I have ever been to. The food was prepared with love and quality. The options for food was amazing. I was able to get a veggie pizza that was cooked to perfection. The game room upstairs was one of a kind. The customer service was outstanding. This will be an orlando visit every time we come to Orlando.
This is the coolest McDonald   s ever!!! You order on a kiosk, pick up a number sign, type in the number after you order and they bring you your food because the number sign has a gps tracker in it! It is two floors, serves pasta and pizza and also has a cake shop! The kids w
The traditional burgers and fries were served Luke warm. As busy as the restaurant was, I was truly expecting hot and fresh. Perhaps had I ordered the pizza or pasta my experience would have been different. The service was nothing out of the ordinary, however, the staff was friendly. The best part of the visit was the arcade and play area, my kids absolutely love it, we were there for hours and hours.
This place was amazing. The arcade upstairs was superior. The fish tank with the different fish was cute and how amazing was it to see a brick oven pizza
Highly recommended! The only McDonald   s like it and the largest one in the world. You can get fresh omelettes, waffles, pizza, and of course all the c
World   s largest McDonald   s! It   s a 2-story location with a full kitchen serving unique dishes like pasta, pizza (from a brick oven!), waffles and more. Thereï¿
Didn   t know that this was the largest. It ½ï¿
Fun stop with lots of different options, like cheese-cake, pizza and peanut butter cake, absolutely delicious! Very modern facility and cozy feel. Great spot for hot coffee and a piece of cake! The upstairs floor is a giant play place with arcade games as well. You place your order on the kiosks, take a table tag# and then find your table. They bring it to you. If your visiting Orlando, especially with kids, this is a fun stop!
foods just ok. kid placeground always closed. crwoded place.
One of the worst McDonald   s I   ve ev
Love this McDonald's!  Prices was great!  Worth the visit!
This McDonald's has a pizza and pasta area made to order and is very good but like any McDonald's it's hard to find the staff that are willing to work in such a busy and crazy place. You cannot order with a real person inside. You have to order from a kiosk and they don't always get your order right or forget something. There is a drive through that is kind of like a race track and wraps around the building with 2 or 3 lanes and if your order is wrong, oh well, so be it. Just take it or leave it. There is a huge play place for kids and a second floor with an elevator.
Took 30 minutes to get my food. The chicken was dry, and fries tasted like I got the bottom of the batch. Only went here so my son would have fun in the arcade. Then 4 arcade games took our credits and didn't let us play it. So many better options to go to around there but only went because a family member insisted to go.
Nope just nope. Stay away. Not worth your sanity at all. First it's packed. So very packed. When I went the game room up stairs with the huge play ground the air wasn't working, half of the games were broken, they are so short staffed there is no employee to redeem your tickets. The play area wasn't well cleaned at all and the bathrooms weren't kept up. I'm sure do to the fact they are so very busy and short staffed. The pizza was good and the peanut butter cake was good. But not worth the hype especially with all the craziness that was going among many other issues.
Really, the biggest McDonald's. The food was good. Bought pizza, fries, and pasta. Kids liked it very much. If you are in Orlando, you should give a try here. Depending from where you drive  from, it may be difficult to enter.
Wow, a great place has an arcade , my stepdaughter had so much fun first time, was on vacation fron CT... if u haven't been great to the kids ..
"It was my first time, and it was a pleasant experience.
Surprisingly, having pizza at McDonald's wasn't as weird as I thought."
Only McDonald   s that still has McPizza and McPasta, but the service is horrible. It took 45 minutes for us to get our food. The Freestyle was out of most soda and no one seemed to care. It is a very cool restaurant and 
Biggest McDonald's I've ever seen .This place was huge with so many employees and an expanded menu including pasta dishes and pizza... This of course is in Orlando and open 24 hrs.
"That was fun!  Huge McDonald's!
Went there at 10pm and hung out and kids played until about 11:20pm - but you would think that it was lunch time with how busy they were. We were surprised at how fast the food came to our table and the staff were friendly.  Well done McDonald's!"
This location fed me raw chicken. I ordered spaghetti with McCrispy and half way through the McCrispy it turns out raw.
"Came on a Sunday afternoon on March break and I hated every minute of the experience

My family however had a pretty good time, so I didn   t bother to explain to them the downsides of mas"
It was a pretty good experience. Their accuracy definitely needs attention. When we got our food, I asked if she was sure this was my entire order. It was not. We were missing all the fries.  Yes, I know I should have checked for myself, but I like to trust people to take pride in their work. Before you say that they were busy, no, they were not. But on a really good note, the lady taking my order at the drive-thru was fantastic at customer service. I wish I knew her name cause I would definitely give her a shout-out.
There are foods that are offered that are not offered at typical McDonald's locations, but do not be fooled. The food is similarly mediocre to all the other locations. Young children will beg to use the arcade, which is certainly not any less than a cash grab. Sure, it's fun, but it doesn't offer anything more than a normal McDonald's besides a small, money-demanding arcade, small pizzas, a few different breakfast items, and some cool desserts. Otherwise, it's a cool place to eat if you are wise with your money.
Most unique McDonalds I   ve ever been too. It   s huge! There is a very large play area for kids and an 
The fries weren't salted or flavoured, very bland. I also had a chicken bacon burger which was heavily fried and didn't taste that good. I ordered in store myself and it was quite busy, people were lining up or waiting everywhere. It was also unclear who worked there and who didn't as some people had no uniform but were wandering around behind the counter. They also serve pizza and pasta where you can choose your toppings and sauces. The ice machine was under pressure and couldn't spit ice out fast enough, the second one didn't work at all and the sweet tea was pouring too slowly so I went with something else instead.
Had to stop here on our way home from Florida. My kids were super excited see this location. They had fun playing in the playground and arcade and we even enjoyed breakfast before getting back on the road.
Knowing that it   s the biggest McDonald ½
$28 for 2 med smoothie,  2 mcgriddle plain sandwich which can fit in the palm of ny hand one oatmeal, one hashbrown. The play for children was out of order. Food tasted stale. Wasn't worth it.
This McDonald   s has everything cake pasta pizza and a fish tank and even a specialty breakfast. We ordered waffles and French toast and ham and cheese sandwich. You grab a because this place is super busy and sit down. You can sit and watch the food being made. We saw the food come out and sit and no one grab it employees and managers walk by. Irene went up to a manager and asked how much longer and they said a few more minutes and no one still grabbed it. Finally after 35 minutes one of the same managers who had walked by it several times picked up the meals and tried to serve them to us. We told them that we had watched everything 
Kids had fun but the food was not great I mean McDonalds at my hometown be slamming with burgers but here it tasted dry and burgers weren   t good either, not to sure if it ½
"Very big place, i had to order from a kiosk but I'm used to it and fine with it,

I ordered three things came out to about 7$, very decent i ate inside and in about 5 minutes a worker came to my table with my order.

The customer service was very nice and up-stairs they have a play place for the kids, they also serve pizza, pastas and cake here so it surprised me but overall great experience I will say because of the play place there is naturally a lot of parents bringing their kids so it can be very loud."
We waited 50min for 3 burgers and 4 chicken nuggets !!!  Everything was cold.  I asked for hot food, so they put everything in the trash and I waited another 7min to get my order.  1h00 to have my order in this "Fast Food".  No one apologized.  I do not recommend going there if you are in a hurry.  All the tables around us waited at least 40min.
Largest Mcdonald at the word they said, very good, beside regular manu they have pasta, pizza and steak sandwich's on subs, also big arcade on the secound floor, went for dinner, place was really busy, thats the reason i didnt take pictures from the inside.
I think I had much higher expectations of this McDonald's because I was strongly suggested to visit.  I expected a 30 foot statue of Ronald McDonald and it ended up being a lackluster 30 foot lighted outline of Ronald on the building.  The picture online of the building made it look like it was made of a French Fry building structure.  It wasn't.  They had a separate drink station where you gave them your drink order (an extra step because no self service ones anywhere).  They had a separate dessert station, and a walk up food counter to order or self-serve kiosks to order from, where they will serve if you eat in (but not the soft drinks).  It is 2 stories.  The 2nd floor is a play area which I expected would be huge (it isn't), and a small arcade area...very small.  The menu showed some items different from other McDonald's but 95% of them showed OUT OF STOCK. So we just ate the kind of food you could eat at a regular McDonald's only it cost MUCH more! All-in-all,very unexciting and not what it should be for being the WORLD'S LARGEST MCDONALD'S! ï¿½ï
The food was alright, it's one of the biggest McDonald's but quality can be improved with the fish sandwiches being burnt on the edges and burgers were not properly organized within the bun in the big mac, just a bit of feedback compared to regular McDonald's restaurants. Other than that my family had a great time enjoying the upstairs atmosphere and playground.
We waited 45 minutes for an ice cream cone and a piece of cheesecake.  I understand it's a popular place but people that ordered well after us and in larger quantities were getting their stuff before us. Honestly felt like we were forgotten. And the customer service here is surely lacking for it to be such a tourist centered stop
"A different McDonald's experience worth trying. We had a good time trying different menu items not found at any other McDonald's. Definitely worth a visit if you're coming to Orlando.

Update: Not the same as it used to be. The selections are limited and not as international as it once was. It lost it's uniqueness and it feels like it's just a regular busy McDonald's now. Not recommended anymore."
Been here a couple of times kids love it finally tried the pasta it was surprisingly good
The World   s Largest McDonald   s turns out to also be the world   s noisiest. Aside from the fact that 1) our order wasn   t fully delivered to our table, and 2) our order was wrong, the 2nd floor is a chaotic thrum of children
"Don't waste your time or money. We were excited to visit here with out of town guests straight from the airport.
1. Kiosks are backed up with a bunch of people each so no where to stand, wait, or snake through with trays of food. Kiosks were glitchy and blanked out every minute.
2. It is at least 10 degrees warmer upstairs so NOT comfortable at all.
3. Even with our order number on the table no one ever brought food...after 20 minutes, i went down stairs and it was sitting there. Then there is no drink station upstairs so with an already full tray, i had to bring food up and then come down for drinks. So why did i have to pick a flavor if the only deliver an empty?
4. No one to help with service or questions. Lady upstairs spoke no English. I had to raise my hand at the counter after standing there 5 minutes to find my food just to get acknowledged.
5. After all that, found one sandwich missing. Went back again and notified i was missing the cheese steak and staff member walked to the other pasta section where it was sitting by itself.
6. Cheeseburgers were not made to order as requested on the kiosk.
7. Big mac was dry. Worst one ever.

We won't be back."
"So i don   t usually give fast food more than 3 stars but this place was comically huge.
Giant arcade and large play area.
There is even attempt to make like omelette and stuff.  I even saw brick stoves like you would see pizza cooked in. Did I mention a fish tank?

It did take a while to get our food and it was typical McDonald ½"
Today we had the opportunity to go to such a well-known McDonald's, the truth is that the place is very nice, but in terms of the attention and organization it was terrible, half of my order was missing and although I went to tell them that it was wrong, they did not pay attention to me. So many employees so they can't help me in my order. My children were very excited to go to the play place but their air conditioning did not work and it was unbearably hot. They should pay a little attention to those flaws. Thank you
Best experience ever. The food was shockingly good. I did pizza and build your own pasta. Customer service was phenomenal.  Restaurant was very clean and we didn't wait long on our food. Can't wait to visit again.
Obviously one of the most amazing McDonald's I've ever seen. Three stories and a two-story playland. They had premium scoop ice cream and pasta with Alfredo on the menu. Are you kidding me? Pizza and Alfredo at McDonald's? You betcha. Biggest Playland I've seen in the McDonald's for years? Has it. The classic Mac tonight guy playing a piano in the corner? Has it. Easily the best McDonald's I've been to since I was a kid 30 years ago in Las Vegas.
"A fun place to go to maybe once or twice. Went during the weekend. The ordering kiosk lines were slow because people don't know how to use ordering kiosks. McDonald's was out of pasta but they had pizza. I was bummed because I wanted to try the pasta. I ended up ordering a regular meal you can get at any McDonald's.

Seating was easy to find and the tables were clean. Employees were helpful. The arcade upstairs seemed pretty cool and definitely unique. We didn't play any games or play in the play place. I enjoyed seeing Mac Tonight playing the piano. Next time I'll get some dessert."
Being local we try to stay away from the busy tourist places but this McDonald's is so big we really don't mind. We like the fact they bring your food to your table and the employees try their best to keep this place clean. The customers tend to be rude and push people or not say excuse me in this establishment.
This McDonald ½ï
"2/5

Drive thru or in person their service is slow during most times of the day.

This is my second visit and I had the same experience."
Did you know McD in Orlando has a Philly cheesesteak. Yea, they really don't.... it's a big mac minus the sauce on a hoggie roll. But good job trying new things.
Breakfast was hot and fresh. They had an omelet sation with Belgium waffles.
The service is always great here. All the employees always seem willing to help you, but with the volume this store does I don't believe they have enough staff. Saw a roach crawling on the 2nd floor, and all of the food we got was cold by the time we got it. Condiments are hard to find unless you go to the register area where 75 other people are in line waiting for their food and food is marked up in price because it is a tourist acctraction. Is a cool experience once or twice, but a couple miles down the road is a regular McDonald's that has fresh food every time for the same price as a regular McDonald's.
This is an amazing gem sitting on a corner looking not much like any McDonald's I had ever seen before.   The second floor confused me, but the logo looked similar to McDonald's.  They have pizza, cooked there in the restaurant.  I know because my order was called before my pizza was ready.  At any rate, walking through the arcade upstairs was a nice way to wait for my pizza.  I only gave 4 stars for service because the staff seemed to not be trained for customer service.  Perhaps they were simply tired or busy, but it wasn't up to the standard of typical McDonald's when I visited.  I will return next time I am in Orlando!
By far the best and most amazing McDonald's in the history of the world. It's even hard to imagine it as a McDonald's. Super clean, extremely friendly and helpful staff. A second floor with a massive arcade and crazy-huge kid gym (shut down due to covid hysteria :( ). Loved this place. Bring your kids!
The first time we visited was at night, and there was a group of male teenagers sitting outside the entrance to the building asking for money in threatening and rude manners. It did not feel safe at all. We did go back a couple of days later for breakfast. The food was very good. The omlets really hit the spot. The service was good. It is advertised as having over 100 arcade games upstairs. There is nowhere near that many, and much of them are broken down and use your credits because there are no signs on them.
Unfortunately it's not got any better. The first time visiting this trip and they got my order wrong.... I didnt have much faith to begin with to be honest. The attention to detail here is lacking. And $5 for a latte is unreal.... Tourist trap central. Cross the road to checkers and get good food at a low price
"With a 6 year old we visit McDonald's every so often..this place was just awful.

Ordered 20 regular mcnuggets a large fries, couple drinks and a happy meal.

45 min wait - 17 spicy nuggets in the boxes, no sauces despite the machine asking what sauces we want. Drinks are just cups, despite the machine asking what we want - self service downstairs with no instructions on how to get the milkshake we ordered as only soda fountains at the stations etc

Nuggets were over cooked, Like properly crunchy/jerky texture

Fries were literally stone cold, not even warm

Our kid loved the play centre but this isn't worth paying twice the price of a regular McDonald's for just plain terrible food and no service at all"
Very average McDonald's experience overall. Was cool because of the whole "largest McDonald's" bit, but it was extremely hectic inside with kids running and screaming everywhere. Took a while to even get the opportunity to order, then food took a while to get to us, which is understandable since it was so busy. Ice was out in 3/4 soda machines. Not a very clean place either. Pizza was alright. Very dry, flavorless crust, pretty soggy and could have used more time in the oven/ the oven could be hotter. If they put like 20% more effort into the flavor of the pizza it would be a lot better. Onion "slivers" were also just onion chunks. Not a big deal, just a little misleading. But what else you expect from a McDonalds. Food is a little pricier than the McDonald's I'm used to as well. Would probably have a better experience making the effort to dine elsewhere.
Food was great pasta and pizza was awesome! Really thought the play area would be a lot bigger given on how this McDonald's is 2 stories. Also the arcade was small. Kids had fun that's all that matters!!!!!
I came to this McDonald   s expecting at least some decent food and service judging by the fact they were just switching over to lunch but got met with some poor service from staff and mediocre quality coming from the food. I asked one of the staff (tall, skinny lady with curly hair upfront) if I could get my food cooked to order and she gave a slight nod as a response which I found extremely rude then moved over to the kitchen area so I decided to ask ANOTHER manager upfront and she was actually quite nice and went straight to telling the people in the kitchen and the moment she did the manager I had previously spoken to decided to turn around and say the slight remark    You already told me, I got it, thanks    which I found very rude coming from what you ½erd to my surprise yet not so surprised self I received very mildly warm food, it tasted and was very obviously sitting there for longer than I would   ve liked + it didn   t meet my simple request of  
Not much to say that every other review hasn't. Very fun for something different. Watching your pizza be put into the real brick oven at a McDonald's is definitely interesting. The main reason you go is the novelty, but the food honestly didn't disappoint. The specialty menu items are a tiny bit pricey but fast food standards, but they really are a tier above fast food. Overall, my fiance and I had a great time and I definitely recommend checking it out.
The biggest waste of time and money. Way to packed. Unorganized. There was barely a line when we got to McDonald's yet we still waited over an hour for 2 bacon mcdoubles, a big Mac, a bacon chicken ranch (they forgot the bacon when it's literally IN THE TITLE) and 4 medium fries. Everything and I mean EVERYTHING was cold and disgusting. Spent way more money than it should have been. Will NOT be going back there. The kids didn't even want to play in the play area because they ended up getting hurt. Poorly set up and no security or anything. They were being pushed and shoved by other children and no one was doing anything about it.
"Where should I start. Service was exceptional BAD. I was missing half of my order and had to go down stairs and bring the rest of my order they was missing back upstairs which was alot of hassle to do. Also would've been very helpful if there was a refill station upstairs.

The atmosphere, was way too overcrowded. I don't really fault McDonald's for this, but it didn't make the experience pleasant.

Overall I would skip this place if I see a parking lot full of cars."
Biggest McDonald's in the world, has special menu items (pizza and pastas [don't sleep on the ravioli bolognese.]) Being it's the world's biggest, it was a madhouse inside, some kiosks down completely, some just the payment part not working. Overall, food was good, inside was a zoo, but you can only get the special items inside.
This has to be one of the best McDonald's I have ever been to hands down. While disappointingly I did not visit the upstairs with the arcade machines I can rave about the pasta and pizza they make and serve! The pasta can rival olive garden and starts at 10.99 and you are able to customize it how you want. Definitely would recommend both the pasta and even the pizza! I'm pretty picky on pizza and the pepperoni pizza was actually pretty good! I usually would HATE brick oven pizza as I find they taste burnt always but this was a good pizza! Definitely worth checking out at least once if you are in the area! It is a little busy most times but even with that the wait is no worse than a regular McDonald's.
This McDonald   s is unique in that they have a pasta and pizza bar and an arcade upstairs. Everything was priced higher than at my neighborhood McDonald   s. I ordered a pasta plate and had a queasy stomac
Very, very busy and understand that it's supposedly the largest McDonald's in the world, but they were not coordinated to handle the rush of people. Additionally, a lot of food items were not available and the wait times was very long. My kids did enjoy the arcade on 2nd floor though.
This McDonald's in Orlando is huge! It was very busy but they were very fast. The food was very fresh as they pretty much have to make everything to order. Definitely worth a visit just to see them make pizza at a McDonald's.
Food wasn   t too bad for McDonald   s standards. Atmosphere despite a bit messy it   s interesting since this is the biggest 
This is not your "mommas mcds".  This was fantastic.  Big,  huge,  wonderful.   A truly fun,  unbelievable McDonald's experience.   They have a dessert bar.  They have pizza,  and pasta,  a wood fired oven.   You have to see it,  to believe it!!
Was told that we had to come here because it is the biggest McDonald's in the country.  It is huge, there is an elevator that takes you up to a kids playplace and full size arcade.  They also off menu items that aren't on a "normal" McDonald's menu like build your own pasta and pizza
My friend's and I decided to visit the world's largest McDonald's tonight while on our holiday to Orlando. The visit was absolutely abysmal! We got table service which took over 35 minutes to come (3 drinks, a cheese burger and McNuggets) and once we received our order only  of it was there! When we ask staff about the rest of our order they just walked away and were no help at all. So I went to the front desk and had to wait for a further 10 minutes to be seen, I eventually got the rest of the order but by which time the food was now cold. By far the worst experie
Food was standard McDonald   s.  They forgot our drinks for each person at the table and forgot 1/2 our meal.  We had to go back multiple times to get stuff. They were out of the drink flavors once we got our cups. It 
Had a drive thru order for EIGHT. Every meal was correct and picture perfect. All the fries were the crisp and hot. And the staff was awesome. Best McDonald's I've been to.
Fun to visit the largest McDonald's in the world. Highly recommend
"Because it is the largest McDonald, it is a place where you go there so you can scratch off your bucket list.
It is very crowded,  very noisy,  a lot of kids, of course.
They have pizza, coffee, and sweets beside the regular menu.

I think the staff works hard and as fast as they can. In my opinion,  the management has to step in big time in order for this place to run flawsly.

The self order machines two or three didn't work,  so it added to the slow service.
Upstairs is an arcade game room. You need coins. It is very stuffy and even more noisy . But, as I said, a place to visit one's in a love time, so you know you did it!"
Awesome for kids you can be waiting for food and have them upstairs playing in the arcade. Although the experience is good the wait for food is crazy. My ice tea got left out of my order and the person infront of us also had something left out.
We went with our kids, and of course, they wanted to eat and play on up stairs, so, a friendly worker brought us our order  but there was no station services on up stairs, and the same time we had to go downstairs to serve our sodas, look for napkins, sauces and straws
Worst place to visit. My kids love McDonald   s so we wanted to try    the largest McDonald   s   . This was the worse idea ever. We waited over an hour to get our food. The food was wrong. We ha
This is by far the best McDonald's.  I love the options not on other locations menus.  The pizza was wonderful and freshly made to order.  I wish I lived closer because it would for sure be my go to fast food restaurant.
Our "World's Biggest" McDonald's adventure started with an appetizer...an appetizer consisting of the smile and excitement of my McDonald's loving younger brother. Then came the 1st course...the tears of my girlfriend as she gazed upon her small serving of $12 pasta while her fingers felt the stone cold chill of her fries. Our meal ended with the return of my absolutely revolting Chicken Alfredo which led the the main course of a Big Mac...a Big Mac has never failed me, until today. With the measliest of beef patties and sauce on the side (yes, they missed the burger), I was astonished by the lack of quality this McDonald's provided. Also, my brother's Pizza took an hour to be served and then he was argued with. 1/10 would not recommend, fire everybody.
10/10 not recommended. Waited for our food for over 45 minutes. Didn   t even receive what we ordered. Parking is a nightmare, not worth it just because they have pizza. You c
This McDonald's has a huge, amazing inside playground and arcade (2nd floor). Beautiful fish tanks for the kids to look at while you are ordering. It does get a little loud when the kids scream. Plenty of tables for everyone. Order downstairs and take a number - they bring it to you. Super nice when you have difficulty walking g like I do. However drinks are downstairs. Handicapped parking in front of the doors. An elevator to the second floor and handicap tables with half booths upstairs. My neices love this McDonald's!
Chaotic has alot going on being the world's largest McDonald's many options not on a typical menu examples being pizza, pasta, pilly cheese steak, Belgian waffles and many more a giant arcade and kids play place on the second floor which can be accessed by an elevator
Worst McDonalds experience I have had in all my life. Place was chaotic from the moment we walked in but for some reason that didn't put us off. Waited for ages to receive our food and when it did arrive, half of it wasn't there and some of it was cold. Tried to find a helpful member of staff - we're still looking... Went to get some drinks, all of which were 'horrible' as quoted by another customer, even the water tasted like sewage. We ended up leaving with what we had and wondering how long the symptoms of cholera take to set in. So safe to say we wouldn't recommend and would 100% not return. 'Horrible'
Kids had a great time! Hard to find play areas these days. Great selection of arcade games. Our cheeseburgers were cold however i saw more customers opt for the pizza and philly cheesesteak.
It's a huge McDonald's and has a nice choice of other foods that are Not your basic options.
Really awesome experience! A must when in Orlando! Simple. It   s the biggest McDonald ½ï
We got out food VERY fast and they even have pizza. The burger was a tad too dry but nothing I couldn't fix. Service was fast for how busy it was. It's also a very modern building!
Love the kiosk ordering and table delivery. Fries were cold. Quarter pounder with cheese seems smaller. Diet Coke seemed a bit watery than usual. Got with no ice.  Disappointed this store stopped serving the discontinued food items it used to specialize in. Lovely Christian music playing may be insulting to those of other religions.
Absolute free for all inside. A automated factory that completely doesn   t work. People waiting over 45 min for their food, nearly every order was wrong, and staff just literally ignoring the countless customers complaining. The manager had no control over his staff who blatantly ignored him to the point he was telling customers their names to report. This place simply doesn   t work and is utter chaos. $40, almost an hour, and wrong food, with no one to care
Fries were cold, nuggets were soft.., the burgers were gross, the upstairs smelled sweaty and gross, ordered food and the place was busy and my child needed to use the bathroom so I took the card with our number to the bathroom because I didn't want them leaving my food alone at the table and they came over and yelled at us for moving around the mcdonalds.. honestly 1/10 do not recommend. It is not worth it. Go find a  regular McDonald's and a park close by.
This was a horrible experience and a waste of 4 hours and almost $100. The place was terribly overcrowded and dirty. There was standing room only, shoulder to shoulder. We stood in line for 20 minutes at a kiosk to order, then after we ordered it said there was an error and we had to wait another 40 minutes in the line at the register anyway to order. All of the workers were super rude. I was even on the elevator with 2 workers talking about a customer saying "I have no obligation to answer your questions or do anything for these people" and then talking about how gross a customer was and saying she would point her out to the other employee. Nobody was at all helpful and even seemed to be angry when we asked for anything.  My daughter tried to fill her cup with sweet tea and the older lady standing at the drink station didnt let her fill it up all the way. The only nice person was the old guy emptying the trash on the 2nd floor. We spent over $60 for my kids to play the arcade games, then they shut and locked the prize counter. A while later, we had to ask someone to open it so they could redeem their tickets and 3 employees tried over the course of the next hour and no one could get it back open. I tried talking to a manager about it, but she gave me about 10 seconds of her time just to tell me there was nothing she could do but send someone up to the ticket counter for us... she didn't even listen to us explain that it others had tried before she just walked away. We are from out of state and my kids were so excited to see this place but we all left miserable. At least the sandwiches were warm (though the fries were soggy).
If you   re here for breakfast and you get coffee, you   ll wait 20 minutes for your food to arrive and they   ll bring you an em
Huge McDonald's. Unique items at Orlando location. Pizza and pasta. Cheesecake was sold out. Arcade but prize and play area are closed. You can order at kiosk or wait in line for cashier. Soda is not self-serve, free refill. Expect a long wait (approximately 20-30 mins) if you are waiting for pizza and pasta, it's understandable though. They do deliver to table. I didn't see the Belgium waffle on menu.
World's largest McDonalds but worse service ever. More pricier than the rest of Mcdonalds in Orlando.
"Over crowded, hard to find a parking spot for it to be the largest McDonald's in the U.S.
over an hour to get a Big Mac meal. Ordered a pizza that came before the big Mac meal. The pizza was very salty yeah I guess that's what you get when ordering pizza at a McDonald's. My kids ordered pasta and were also disappointed."
Largest McDonald   s in the U.S. they are trying to doing so much and doing none of it well. Four  orders and three had missing items. No salt on the room temperature 
So many unusual items!  Got the pepperoni and mushroom pizza and the ham and cheese french toast.  CRAZY!  Really enjoyed the experience and would highly recommend everything stop here.  The chocolate cake was pretty good too!
"We went here on June 6, 2023. We tried a little bit of everything.
Ordered a Philly cheesesteak, pepperoni pizza, kids meal, big Mac meal and 2 mcdoubles.

The wait was absolutely ridiculous and when they brought us the food it was ice cold. We didn't complain because the lines were super long and nobody was around to help. The one guy picked up my daughter's kids meal thought it was trash and I told him and he said he was sorry and walked off.
The arcade was just a mad house. So busy and very dirty so was the restrooms. We don't be going back that's for sure."
We came here all the way from Hungary, excited to try out a    real    american McDonald   s. Unfortunately our experience could not have been worse. After over 45 minutes of waiting I got my Big Mac delivered to our table cold, which I honestly would ½ï¿½
This McDonald's did not live up to the hype I saw on the internet. It was crowded and small. I entered and all of my expectations dropped. I ordered at the kiosk since the line was long. All of the items I've seen online through social media were either unavailable or not there at all. I saw the "famous" pizza and pasta, I tried the pizza. After ordering my food and sweets, I waited at the only table I could find that wasn't already taken. I ordered a small drink so I figured if I had to wait maybe they would at least bring me the cup so I can get a drink, I was wrong. I made a special request for my McFlurry and within minutes of ordering, I was told my special request couldn't be done since they had already made my McFlurry. I thought they would make the ice cream items last so they don't melt while waiting for the food. I didn't order much, and I know there was a line but I received the pizza faster than anything. I waited for a total of 30 minutes for the rest of my food. They waited until everything was done to bring it to me and it wasn't even good. The chicken was dry and looked old, my burger was cold, my McFlurry was made wrong so I didn't eat that and they gave me the wrong slice of cake... very disappointed. The pizza was the only food item that didn't suck entirely. It was very thin but tasted okay. Definitely wouldn't go back ever again. Not worth the trip, or the hype.
"We thought it would be cool to visit one of the largest McDonald's in the world.  We regretted it.  The chicken sandwich and pizza were all burnt a little too much.  The ice machines weren't working very well.  The place was a mess and loud for 430 on a Sunday.  The arcade had a few money grabbers where it took your money but no game But the skeeball had a machine that let you play for free.
This place is just crazy and more expensive than my usual trip to McDonald's.  I don't need to try their pizza which isn't bad but not great either.  I would skip this or plan to come to try the pizza only as the price of pizza is fair."
My family was dining there and the people that was with us got their food way before us. I waited for an hour before deciding to inquire about mine and my daughters pasta dishes. I stood in line for about ten minutes when a member of management came. They went to look for it. Was just sitting under a heat lamp. We will never step foot in that McDonalds again. We ordered our food at 7:34pm and got our food at 8:45pm Shame on you McDonalds
It was to crowded but food was good and there are so many other options like pasta that you cant find in regular stores. The second floor was amazing for the little ones with big playgroung and Arcade section. Would love to come back on a not to busy day. We visit Sunday at noon.
Awesome McDonald's to visit and eat. The food was delicious and the customer service was great. You place your order at the machine and they will deliver the food anywhere you are. I love the arcade area and there was plenty of seating. The atmosphere was relaxing and restrooms,food area,drink area and arcade were clean. They have 2 stories and both were very well maintained. I definitely recommend visiting this McDonald's with your children. They will have lots of fun.
biggest in the world - but still a mcd's. the golden arches doesn't really do anything impressive - i mean, disappointment is kinda expected.  Walked in with no expectations.  I like that they have other food besides the regular burgers. was impressed by the brick oven pizzas they were putting together. we tried ordering breakfast (ALL DAY) but they were out of so many entrees... like OUT! not sure how you run the world's biggest McD's and not have stuff on hand at 2.30 in the afternoon. It wasn't super crowded. Love the self-ordering kiosk (that's what you get for demanding $15/hr for fast food wages). Love even more that you can order from your app and just go pick it up at the counter. Our fries were as expected from the golden arches.  the top floor has seating and an arcade.  the main floor has a lot of seating areas with plenty of window seating. for it being the world's biggest, it really didn't seem THAT big ... also, they could have more of a variety of entrees / foods / dishes that is different from a regular neighborhood mcd's - just a thought.
The service was very slow compared to Ireland and our order was mixed up even though we ordered on the self service machines. The soft drinks were flat but otherwise no complaints.  American McDonalds burgers taste quite different to Irish Mcdonalds.
"Very loud and busy. Very big inside with McDonald's pizza place too
Upstairs is a big kids play place
But you will have to wait about 20 -30 mins too receive your order
So that a downside and its very crowded so if u have a problem with crowded places don't go inside because it alot of people inside ordering and waiting and it's just to much"
Nice, big McDonald's on the International Drive. The place was packed and too noisy. The service was fast, though, and had decent food. Will try again for sure.
"Everyone should come here once just to check it out.

Ice cream, cake, cheesecake, pizza, pasta. An arcade with prizes. A huge play area.

All of our food didn't come out together...curious how fries and a drink cup come out 15 minutes after pasta and pizza? Lol.

The pasta with Alfredo sauce was bland and not great. The pizza was delicious.

It was pretty chaotic and loud but overall clean. Workers constantly moving."
Love this McDonald's, it has a great variety of food, I think this is the only McDonald's that serves pizza and real dessert, like this peanut butter chocolate cake. Check it out!
Used a ice cream cone reward. The machine was broken and asked me if I wanted something else. I said a mango smoothie. They ended up giving me strawberry banana. Furthermore visited again and they never had my order took 30 mins for someone to help. 3rd time didn't print receipt and the customer service was horrible, but the whole time he had the ability to print a duplicate. Stay away if you don't want to deal with them.
I came to Orlando for Disney world and ended up coming to the largest McDonald   s I   ve ever seen. I can proudly tell my family I got pizza and pasta from McDonald ½
"We were given the wrong meal (the same meal) more than 4 times while employees argued that it wasn   t our food and we   ve been sitting here with our table number and corresponding receipt stating what we ordered for almost an hour still with no food. The outside looks amazing but inside is complete chaos the coordination and way of operating a busy business to get people their correct orders in this type of area with high population needs improvement.

Update: After 45 mins we got our food, Luke warm fries and the Sandwiches werenï¿"
It was cool definitely check it out!
I really wanted to looooove this Mc Donalds store since they are the biggest in the world. But being this "famous" comes with a price: overcrowded and short staff. People were mad in the line asking for the food, saying they ordered their meal 30 minutes ago. Hello?30 minutes? This is insane. Very tourist location. I just wish the manager would hire more people to work there so they can attend that much of people.
"I was so excited to visit the worlds largest McDonalds even though McDonalds is not one of my favorite places. If you are a parent you understand. Lol. But this one has so many more options to choose from. I got pasta and my son got pizza. Both were very good. They even have a separate desert counter.
If you have little ones you definitely want to check this place out. The Play Place is huge."
Always super busy, the pasta is mid, the pizza is surprisingly delicious, the deserts are fantastic! the vibe is pretty fun, a very cool playground and arcade upstairs (with flappy bird of all things) always fun to stop here when I hit Orlando :)
Too crowded, tables were a mess and they took almost 40mins to have our food ready, when we ask for it they weren't too helpful/friendly. The upstairs AC wasnt running or something was wrong it was too hot, overall it just seems like they were understaffed for the amount of people there.
It was late at night but still very much full. The food was great but they were so busy I had to wait long while to get my food. Other Than that it was great.
MCpizza is the best item in the menu.
Place is great for kids. Usual McDonald's food, but cost a lot more. Better to go to a different McDonald's location to eat and Epic just got play and fun.
Thoroughly disappointed with our visit. Food took ages and was mediocre at best. The air con didn't work so we were sweltering. Used the arcade, half the machines did not work, had to wait half an hour to get prizes. The staff were rude and unhelpful. I would advise not to bother  visiting.
Loved the look of the store. Kids had a good time in the arcade. One part of my party waited over an hour for their food.  Went to ask about it three times and was told it was on its way.  The fourth time, I went to the counter to ask about the order and was told that their system went down and that It had lost the order. Little did they know that I currently work for McDonald's, and I asked the manager how they were still taking orders if the system went down and no one was on the phone with tech support. All of a sudden, they found the order and rushed it to us. I feel that what had happened is that the order was served off and no one wanted admit to it.
They have an arcade upstairs but no one working in the arcade, and play area. No one is available to redeem tickets for prizes. Who wants to leave without their prize, not my kid!
Overcrowded and rude employees when we went. Overhyped in my opinion. Just browse the pictures on the internet and call it good.  There   s no need to visit this place. Smaller jungle gym than we thought and too overcrowded with kids shoving each other and climbing over each other. We wanted to try the pizza but they closed shortly after we arrived. Mind you, it was open when we first arrived but we had to wait in a ridiculously long line only to find out they closed while we were waiting and
This was actually a pretty cool McDonald   s. Needed to experience it. Service was quick especially with the amount of
Big disappointment. They closed 2nd floor area at 9:30pm so didn't get to see upstairs. Nuggets were smaller and drier than usual, and they forgot half our order but they were nice about it. Oh well, can't expect much in this super touristy area.
I was amazed that this was a McDonald's. The wide variety of items offered outside of the normal McDonald's menu was impressive. When I went some of those stations were closed but if I'm ever in Orlando again when there are open I will definitely try them. Can you imagine getting pizza from McDonald's or ice cream?
Great location, very cool place to visit especially if you have kids. Very cool that they have pizza and pasta. Even omelets and waffles too. Play area is the coolest part. With arcade too. Only down side was that the restroom  were fu*king gross. (Mens restroom) over all tho it was great !
Had to wait 15 minutes to redeem video game tokens. Long line of people waiting. Ended up leaving. Unacceptable. Do better McDonald's.
The best McDonald's I have ever visited.  It is nice and incredibly clean.  At this McDonald's, you can get both burger, pizza and pasta, something I haven't seen at other McDonald's.  On the first floor there is a large play area for children and an arcade.  However, one must be aware that because of the play area, there is some noise on the first floor.  But far less noise in the ground floor.
Food was good and service was great
The person on the drive thru does not pay enough attention to what you order. Had to correct it at the pickup, nice lady at the delivery window, but still the hamburgers turned out different to what we ordered. (Single meat instead of double meat).
The building looked good and It had a lot of stuff but the employees didn't even know the food or how it was supposed to be made when they gave us the food we were missing have of the food they gave us a chicken sandwich with no chicken instead they had put a beef patty in it and one of the drinks was messed up in the second floor the air conditioning didn't work it was so hot in there plus employees were just standing there not doing nothing and just ignoring the mess that was there it had poor service I do not recommend very clogged and slow service too
Different food options from the traditional mickey D's but we went for the arcade. Can easily spend a few hours here on a hot or rainy day and not break the bank.
This one is circular & has 2 levels with multiple kiosks to order. They served pasta, cheese steaks & fancy desserts as week as the usual. The dining room is huge, along with a small area with a brick oven for fresh pizza, an area with games & plenty of seating upstairs but it was so crowded, you couldn't enjoy it! Not worth the wait.
If you're looking for an atypical Mcd's the. This is it. Housed in the heart of International Drive, this world record holding burger joint holds its own. Two stories of seating, a GIANT play area for kids, and even a little video game section. You don't just get burgers and nuggies here, they have stone fire pizza, pasta, and cake! It's an experience for sure. Just a heads up, you'll be paying a slight premium for the whole event. Not much but you'll notice. I'd suggest ordering on the app and getting a discount;)
We went here for my sons 11th birthday and he loved it. Dress for warm weather because up stairs where the play place is. It ½
What can you say, it's thr world's largest McDonald's. I was expecting that since it's the world's largest they would have some of the different McDonald's products from around the world instead the only unusual items were pizza, pasta and desserts. There is an arcade upstairs with fun games with a few broken ones. If you want to go to McDonald's and are in the area it's worth it to stop to say you've been, but IMO not worth making a special trip.
Came here to florida for work purposes and brought the kids. Food was good,overpriced, but good and came out quick. We came around 9:30am on a sunday. I was happy to see they have the bagel sandwiches back as texas doesn't have them yet. My boys played on the playground and the arcade. Half the games didn't work but would take money off the card anyways so we just played the ones that did work so we could get prizes and leave. Crowded and loud but fun.
BE CAREFUL WITH THEIR CARS. STEAL if you park it for 5 min. They break the glass because they know that MANY TOURISTS visit it. You will NEVER get your belongings back because not even the police are interested in solving the robbery. ME BEING YOU, I WOULD NEVER GO.
Pizza was warm and took half an hour to arrive, but the replacement was fast and came hot.
half of the stuff on the menu was unavailable & the upstairs was closed.. granted i did visit around 11/12pm. the janitor was moping the same spot for 15 minutes. and my burger patty was hard and a little burnt . I would come back though cause it ½ï¿½
I ordered the chicken sandwich and it had a fish taste. Hopefully cooked in oil previously used for fish verse going bad. Also dried out- threw most of it way. Soda was  ½
A big and busy McDonald's with more choices than usual.
"If I could give 1/2 a star I would!! My son & I ordered a pizza each. The server brought out 2 but only handed my son his. I commented that we ordered 2, she had 2 on the tray but still walked away telling 1 minute as she walked away w/the other pizza walking around the entire place including going upstairs!! I'm sure they wouldn't put 2 separate customers orders on the same tray. After 10 minutes I went up to the counter to ask where my pizza was as I see a different employee walking past me w/a pizza without a cover!! I turn to see where she was heading & it was to where my son was sitting. I adked her why the cover was off & she couldn't answer!! To top it all off there was hair under one of my pieces of pizz!! Shouldn't employees be wearing hairnets or have their hair tightly up & not hanging down??

I'm very disappointed w/this being my 1st time here."
Absolutely manic busy. The food was usually McDonald's fare, however chips were cold. The place seems really disorganised and half the self service kiosks were out of order (I wondered if this was to help the kitchen keep up). Homeless people coming in and raiding tables with food left. Not a pleasant experience at all and one of the worst McDonald's I have ever visited, needs security guards I feel
"Slowest service on planet. Atleast 50+ cars left in last 30 mins while I am waiting on drive thru.
If you can staffed appropriately and efficient folks can make thousands extra without doing anything extra. Just process order with some speed and sense of urgency. Very slow service, I wonder if top management is aware of how slow is the food service in general at McDs. It   s been 50 mins in drive thru still no luck.
There are only a few unique items on the menu and this i"
Gets jammed packed with tourist. If you order on the app to pickup in store instead of thru the drive thru and decide to go inside they make you get in line for counter pickup which takes even longer. Parking lot gets full with no place to park. I suggest you go to a different location if you want to order and eat and park All in one place. Terrible experience
If you haven't been here you need to see it!!! Updating Review this place is still very interesting definitely bringing the kids. food hasn't changed pizza is fantastic.
I went here with a lot of expectations so I'm a little disappointed.  However, its pretty great place still. This place is like a mini Chucky cheese married a McDonald's and its give birth to this biggest McDonald's.  Its 2 floors with limited parking.  They do have wood fired pizza.  I wish I tried its.  The pizza looked good.  The staffs were super friendly.  One McDonald's employee went around asking how everyone was doing.
"-Pizza is from a Fire oven - turned out good!
-Philly Cheesesteak was also very good
-AC upstairs was struggling, was pretty hot when we went
-Kids sweatted up a storm from playing at the play place which was also warm
-We did not have any issues finding seating, have tables for big groups on the 2nd level (8 of us)"
Biggest McDonald ½
The staff treats people like an actual customer...There everyday practically (doordash driver). Amazing staff... One thing I hate is having to mix my own flurry when they usually mix it up for you. Other than that little flaw... I definitely feel safe, Welcomed, No rude staff. When their busy, we have to wait a 1H for the food, when their not.. we get our food within 20-30 minutes. Surely recommend bringing small kids to the play area.
I can honestly say this is the world's worst McDonald's I have so far experienced. A 45-minute wait for a very simple and straightforward order. I've eaten in McDonald's all over the world, and the food quality and service let this one down severely. So many people were angry with ridiculous waiting times, wrong orders, crushed food, and items not available. I do not recommend it!
I lived in fl. all my life and this McDonald's location is the biggest I have been 2. It has an upstairs & downstairs for seating. Upstairs also has a game room. I didn't order anything because the prices seem higher than normal. That was understandable because it's located in a tourist area. I just amazed of how it look inside. Seems like a great place 2 sit & eat with the family.
"Multi-level place. Loud but fun. Like a Chuck-E-Cheese inside a Mickey D's.

Lots of games on 2nd level. Plenty of tables. Fast service. Kiosk fairly easy to order & pay."
Went through the drive through barely said our first item and was told to hold on and she just disappeared for over 5 minutes. We were being honked at by people thinking we were holding up the line. I asked for a flat white (in the UK that's what McDonald's calls a regular white coffee) she very rudely said no you can go to Starbucks for that. When we did receive our order the big Mac's were replaced with basic cheeseburgers. I definitely won't bother next time we are in Orlando.
"Even though the stars make no sense on my review, the experience of a different McDonald's is definitely worth it.

The place isn't the cleanest, service isn't the fastest or most efficient, and the atmosphere a bit frantic; it's worth a visit to have a pizza or decent diner breakfast from McDonald's. Worth the experience."
Very slow service took over an hour, food came out separately so my food was cold by the time the rest arrived. Staff didn't seem to care. Food when it arrived was not as requested but was too exhausted to bother complaining any more.
Just don   t go, food was really bad even though it a mcDonalds. Tried it out 
Supposedly they do close for their staff to take a break and are not 24 hours. Maybe they should hire more staff or pay a decent wage. Not like they can ½ï¿½ï¿½
"Visited today. Play place was out of service. Dine in service was not available. Some of the menu items we wanted were not available Ordered food from the machine, but a staff member said he couldn't find it in the system, started to retype it in the cashier. Our order was customized and the worker made a few mistakes. When I asked what was going on, he started making rude comments and asked if I spoke English.
I asked for the refund, and the worker refunded me $3 less. Then the manager came, and fixed the refund error. The manager was calm, but didn't offer any apology.

The saddest part is - this is a flagship McDonalds location, advertised as the biggest McDonalds in the world with Play Place and Entertainment. I hoped to see exemplary service and atmosphere, but it was a huge disappointment.

I wish next time I visit (if ever) to see working services, friendly and competent staff, and adequate food selection. Peace!"
"This was, indeed, a large McDonald's.
The entire upstairs is an arcade, and playground, maybe.
It comes with the problems you might expect in the world's largest McDonald's.
Still, it's the WORLD'S largest McDonald's.
The upstairs bathroom was real small, still,
I have been and you haven't!
The Big Breakfast with Hotcakes was excellent."
Would have given it a higher rating, but the only reason we stopped was the play area, and they decided that lunch time on a Friday afternoon was the best time to close it to do maintenance.
The  workers over there aren   t very smart..I called at 10:20am to ask what time did they stop serving breakfast   .he stated that they served breakfast all day over the phone. My reply was okay well what time do you all stop serving breakfast through the drive thru   his reply we stopped serving breakfast and then I was abruptly hung up 
Great time! Never though i would eat a stake and egg breakfast in McDonald's. It was a bit overcrowded for my liking. Other than that? Food was hot, food was cooked to order. Would go back again!
This place is crazy packed. Our food came out at a decent time. It's worth a stop to experience it.  Just be prepared to be in a crowd.
For being on of the biggest McDonalds in the heart of orlando, they need more staff. It took them about 20 mins drive through for a 10 PC nugget and fries. The worker also had an attitude that I didn ½ï¿½ï¿½
This location is a joy. I have been going here when im in Orlando for 30 years first with my kids and now with my grandkids. The way it is laid out it is very customer friendly. And the kids just love the play area and game room upstairs. To this day the staff continues to be very friendly and helpful.
Be prepared to spend $10-$13 per person. Clean bathrooms also. Staff is friendly and helpful with the ordering. Upstairs is wild and crazy.
"Apparently, it is the biggest McDonald   s on Earth. It is a 2 story building that offers specialty cakes, pasta, and custom built pizzas. Also, it has a huge indoor playground for kids as well as the arcade room.

The Food.
We tried pizza and, surprisingly, it was pretty good having in mind it came from the fast food chain. Touch screen menu had enough options of ingredients to customize pizza order based on personal taste. Keep in mind that some toppings cost extra. I would rate pizza 7-8 points out of 10.

The Ambience.
This McDonald   s is clearly a touristy, family place which is good. Also, the service was pretty quick given the location ½ï¿"
Too crowded, wait hours in line for food, just go to a regular McDonald's not worth the wait either. Waste of time in line. Arcade  is also small and not worth it, go to a bigger and better one.
The food is good. But they are understaffed and struggling to provide food on time. It takes hours even to get a slice of cake or coffee . For pizza, the wait time was horrible.
This is the first McDonald   s I have went to that creates pasta and pizza! Believe it or not, it taste good! I   m super surprised my dish come out delicious! However, everything come with a price. It is a bit expensive than every other McDonald   s since one plate of customize pasta or coal customized pizza can cost from $12-$20 depending on what you want. It is easily for 3 people to spend at least $60-$100 at this place! I don   t recommend their philly 
The worst McDonald ½ï
Fries were half full and soggy, drinks had ice even though we specifically asked for none, payed for extra sauce and didn ½ï¿
This mcdonald's is the worst I've ever been to, poor parking available, the staff that work there cant get the orders right and we waited 40 mins for a mcflurry that we never got. Overall experience was very disappointing considering we have come from the UK.
This place was cool. However, with Covid right now no one had control of anything. There was not spaced out seating. People were on top of each other. None of the employees seemed to care that there was no social distancing. I was expecting some type of Covid policy to be in place and there was for staff. But they seemed to care less about the people who visited. I will never be going back here again.
Waited more 45min for my food. I understand when is full, is gonna take longer to prepare the food, but after 40min paased, I asked them about my order and no knew about it and ignored me, I asked another lady, staff mention they already made it.  I don't like to bash but this one was bad service
The place was a little dirty and it took almost 30 minutes to get our food. But they had a good variety of food. My teens still want some more McDonald's pizza
The    crispy chicken sandwich    was Terrible dry and hard ! Employees 
"Nastiest play land,  games were broke but still took your money,  no employees anywhere to be found in game room.  Couldn't cash out tickets won with no one in game room or at ticket redemption counter.
Pizza was poor quality and over cooked.
Don't be sold on the hype of worlds largest McDonald's.

Stay away"
Large, very busy McD's with a larger menu. Food was a bit slow, and it was hard to find a table. Pizza was surprisingly good.
This is the World's largest McDonald's by square footage. They have  play place, arcade, and unique menu items like pastas, salads, Belgian waffles, a bistro menu, and dessert options you can't find at any other location. Don't fear because they still have the     fries,     chicken nuggets, and  
Every time info through the drive thru, I get a snotty kid who doesn   t even know how to listen correctly to an order. I mean how frustrating is it to get an orde
So it is my birthday today and I wanted to try something I have never tried in my 47 years. A McDonald's pizza or as they call it a McPizza (there are only 3 McDonald's that serve them). The Pizza and pasta were truly awesome. We did the ordering from the kiosk and proceeded to our seat. Everything was great except they didn't bring my husband's latte. So I asked the gentleman that brought the food to bring the drink. We were nearly done by the time we received it and it was incorrect. After eating we went to get the correct one and the manager had an attitude and basically filled a small cup up with milk and handed it to us. Overall the food was great. The only reason I am giving 4 stars is because of the issue with the drink. We will be back but next time we will get water.
"My kids love the indoor playground.
The whole place was sticky, sweaty and stinky!. I don't know what's wrong with the a/c but a lot of people could be the reason. Keep your kids close at all times."
A really fun experience.  So many food options.  It was easy to find vegan-friendly food.  The quality of food was about cafeteria quality but it still beat having to eat something considered regular food at this place.  They have a large indoor play area, an arcade, fish tank, a sundae kind-of station.  The kids loved it!
Neat experience but dirty restaurant. We did come around 11pm and they were very busy. Husband did love the pizza.
"One of the world's largest and most interesting McDonald's. Located in the busy area right in the hub of Orlando off of iDrive.

This is a two-story McDonald's hosting some of the world's rarest menu items including both pasta and pizza and a ton of cakes and other amazing trees.

A great place to visit if you're looking for something fun and interesting in Orlando. If you're a fan of McDonald's, this is the one you're going to want to check out. Although it is always very busy because it is in the downtown tourist hub right near Universal Orlando, I drive, and many other great tourist destinations.

This McDonald's features both counter service and has multiple kiosks of available so you can go up and order easily. There is a drive-thru available.

This is currently the only place in the world serving McPizza with several options available as well as customizations. This is also one of three places in the world including the Philippines and Italy that are currently serving McDonald's pasta. Definitely an interesting menu item to try out if you're looking for something a little different. They also have a full ice cream and cake shop with plenty of dessert choices.

Upstairs host a full gaming arcade with air hockey, skiball, arcade games, and a ticket area to collect prizes once you're all done.

If you're looking for an interesting affair and a little bit of a different McDonald's experience, this is the place to visit."
"Not the best experience in the world's biggest McDonald's. Employees were talking to each other and just screaming the order numbers. It took me some time to order cause there was no employee to register my order.
Although, food is good as always and every McDonald offers"
For this to be the biggest mcdonald's in florida, they were out of a lot of things, the lines were all over the place, the food is more expensive and a couple of the kiosk were down. We ended up leaving without any food and went to another mcdonald's. Lol not what I expected at all. Terrible
all food was good but pricey.
"It was pretty cool for a McDonald's!
They should all be this way .
It's kind of like Chuckie Cheese with the arcade upstairs.
The pizza and pasta were good."
Slowest McDonald's I've ever been to and I've been to many! Waiting for almost an hour for your food is NOT fast-food!! The staff didn't care. There were massive queues of very unhappy customers.  Even though it was supposed to be a 24 hour breakfast place, there were no breakfast items available at all.  Some of the food was inedible and/ or cold.  I'll never return to this McDonald's!!
Ok so here's the deal..we sat upstairs...they brought us our food with no cups and no fork, no butter ,and no syrup for babies pancakes and also forgot a bacon bagle...when we told them they said they were out of bagles because it was no lunch refused to make another to correct there mistake rude with a bad attitude...I am talking about 6 min after 11 and we spent 70.00 there...NEVER again we were on vacation...so this is the memory our kids have of the largest McDonalds in the country!!!!
This is the best McDonald's in the country! The service is on point! They are friendly and always looking to make your experience here better. The place is spotless. As for the kids, this place offers a 3 story playground along with video games. But what makes this place special is the staff in particular Perrin. This gentleman is at your service with a smile and a great personality. I can't say enough good things about this place! You need to relax and let the kids go after a long day at the park...? This is it!!
Yo first time here. This joint got a play area, I   m talking arcade style on the second joint. 
The rooms were a nice size.  The place was very clean 12 rooms, 12 bathrooms, 2 refrigerators, 2 dishwashers, and pool w sauna, attached to the house.  It was completely furnished from plenty of towels to dishes.  I will most definitely be back. Oh, and did I say the maintenance staff was very efficient one call that's call. Two family rooms w 60 plus inch T.V. s and 50 inch T.V.s and up in each bedroom.
First of all keep on mind this is McDonald's a very upscale McDonald's but it is it. My family and I really enjoyed it here. It was very clean although crowded assistance was given with processing our order and the employee explained how I can get a discount through the McDonald's app, he was very patient.  It is very large and the game room was great! The other employees were very nice and took our trays and trash. The was McDonald's flavor, but the pizza was good. The cookies were so fresh and warm, very delicious. More than the regular McDonald's food options. Overall a great visit!
We went to this McDonald   s and ordered the pasta with ravioli noodles and bolognese sauce,Mind you it was good when I was eating it and when I got home after like 30 mins i starte
Fun for kids with play area and video games. Food was not good. Should have passed on the Philly cheese steak, was just ground hamburger.  Drinks were watery and Dr. PEPPER didn't work at all.
Messed up the order. Granted we had a group, so it was almost expected. However, instead of fixing it they copped an attitude and insulted my aunt. They didn't give us our drinks either and told us to go behind the counter and do it ourselves. The arcade was not even half working either.  Being a tourist area you'd think they'd be on par.
It's a McDonald's, so it's pretty much the same as every other McDonald's. It was busy, but food came quickly. Kids loved the study play but it was overcrowded so they gave up after a bit. Fine if you're hungry.
"World biggest McDonald   s should also be called, world slowest McDonald   s.  Order took over 20 minutes to reach.  I   m my case I had a Pizza, really good.  But the British ppl behind me that were concerned with the delay had  like a quarter pounder and nuggets , they also experienced  25 minutes delay.

If you steadily have big traffic of customers "
In the area above it is very hot! In the playground park there were teenagers and it's uncomfortable that you can't see your little children inside with the teenagers also playing upstairs. I think the restaurant should take control of those who can't enter in the playground ï¿½ï¿½
Only could give 3 stars. Simply put, to crowded and unorganized ordering process. Basically a free for all. Other then that,pretty cool oversized McDonald's with a kids area and arcade for your littles that trumps any play area I been to as a kid. 
Highly recommend!! Pizza was ï¿½ï
I never imagine we could eat a great pizza, pasta and Philly Cheesesteak at Mc Donald, but the true is they are amazing, a must try if you visit this specific place.
This location is huge for a McDonald's. It has play area and arcade games. It also offers customize pizza and pasta menu, in addition to the usual offering. Prices are slightly more compared to other locations, which is justifiable given the amenities it offers. I saw some reviews complained about slow or bad service. I didn't notice that on my visit.  Overall, I think it worths a visit if u happen to be in the area.
"Just told there is absolutely nothing on the menu that's gluten free.

Reminds me of when I used to go in restaurants 20 years ago. Very ignorant to a common allergy these days"
It's the largest McDonald's that I have ever been to. It has a second floor that has an arcade and a quiet side for those who prefer technology.  The menu is huge you can get just about anything from your typical Mc care to pizza and great ice cream desserts.
Food is okay just like another McDonald's but they have pizza, service is okay but always busy, building is amazing for kids with the playground and arcades.
"I dint get to go up stairs....
But it is well kept and so dang busy...
The fishes seemed hungry and lethatgic"
Had to stop by , service in the restaurant was slow , people confused ,     we wanted to see the largest McDonald's 
surprisingly fast for such a large busy location. After time at Disney it is nice to have a more affordable meal.
Best McDonald's I have ever visited. This is one of the few McDonald's in the USA that still serve pizza. On top of the coal fire build your own pizza they have custom pastas and build your own omelets. The jungle gym for the kids is huge and they bring your food right to the table. The trash cans are automatic as well as the seat covers. To add icing on the cake (which they also have at their dessert bar ) there is an arcade with a prize table. This is honestly the best McDonald's experience I have ever had.
If there is any McDonald   s world wide that deserve a five star rating then this is the only location that must get it . McDonald here offer pizzas , subs , desert bar , kids playing area with arcade, amazing service 
It was good but very crowded. They have extended menu from regular Macdonald which I recommend to try.
"Busy, dirty, badly organised, expensive, no vegetarian options. They are capitalising on the 'biggest' thing but it is not worth a visit! No vegetarian options. Self service machine not working, no receipts, card machine not working.  I could go on!

Edit, I will go on... the ketchup had run out, the lemonade syrup had run out, the food took over 30 minutes, there was a cup of coffee spilt on the stairs with safety cones that was not cleared up for the hour we were there."
This places was crazy busy. Took 45 minutes to get our food. The play area was  a fun experience.
World's biggest McDonald's it is really cool you should see this when you're in Orlando 2 stories tall ginormous playground and arcade and they have special menu items I got the brick oven pizza that was cooked in an actual Brick Oven it was actually pretty good and cheap but the service is very slow it took them 30 minutes just to give me my food.
Ordered 2 hamburgers ketchup only in the drive thru.  Had to park and go in the store to take the order back 2 times to get it right...took 30 minutes total and in the process, got attitude.
The biggest in the world!! My sons loved it!! I took them to a trip to DisneyWorld and they keep saying they want to go back, to the biggest McDonald 
Very nice very crowded it's insane crazy. But the kids love it. It's a playground for the kids arcade and all.
"Worst service ever!
45 mins for a cheese pizza! on a fast food!  My mistake trying out a pizza on a burger place...all hype biggest mcdonald...never gonna go/eat in this location again!!!! And yeah pizza tasted awful..."
The kids had a blast! Very hectic and tons of folks are there. You order at a kiosk and then they bring your food to you. Our food arrived in an orderly time. Although, the fries were cold and we had to send them back. The kids enjoyed the play area and game area. I recommend you let your kids wear socks or bring some. Otherwise they run around the nasty floor barefooted when they are on the playground. They also have an icecream and dessert area.
I   m a very picky eater and for me a once in a while treat is great and saying that there is no vegetables in t
Nice McDonald's with bigger menu selections like pasta and pizza, separate dessert area, play structure, game room, and decorative items like fish tanks, paintings of McDonald's characters. 2 floors of dining
Super cool and fun international McDonald's! We loved the Wood Fired Pizza and all the different languages spoken there as well as the Arcade upstairs.
This place is like WOW you'll walk in and say is this McDonald's or what ,great foods here you'll be amazed before you walk all the way in
Overheard a lot of uncertainty in the kitchen. And I was knocking on the window for about 2 minutes or more just to get the sauce I ordered. It was completely unresponsive.
It was fun checking out the worlds largest McDonald ½ï
We finally made it to the Biggest McDonalds!! It was a Thursday so it was busy but not packed. Line moves quickly and they bring your food to you. The play area was fun with lots of places to climb but, our let down was the arcade! The selection was ok and some were out of order. Not to mention you don't really rack up too many tickets. Over all, it was fun, food was fresh and it's McDonalds so totally kid friendly!
I Had A Bad Experience Today, My Family Food Was Late For Around 2 Hours. From 8.20 pm to 10.00. (04/28/22) Maybe Wasn't My Lucky Day. I love This Place, I've been there before and I spent a Nice Time, I don't Know What Happened. Costumer Service Tried To Solve  the Situation But They couldn't, all Costumers Were Angry.. At the end I Had to carry up  my order (incomplete) home....
I give this place five stars because i here stayed overnight for a challenge on my youtube channel quinnotfound and you guys never caught me lol.
It was a fun experience but our food was cold and our fries were not salty. I'd go again because I would like to try the pizza and pasta.
One of the best McDonald's in my travels. Great food and great customer service. And the only McDonald's that I know that serves pizza and more! If you're heading to Universal and Island's of Adventure, make a stop at this McDonald's.
A little slow for the amount of people working. Part of the food was cold. Out of our family of 11, seven of our orders were incorrect or missing something. Whipped cream from the waffles, missing slushies, missing OJ, sandwiches incorrect. By the time we got everything tracked down, the hot food was cold. It was still very entertaining for small kids, but adults it's only okay.
Very cool McDonald's with arcade, play place, pizza and pasta. Pasta was actually pretty good. Kids had a great time at the play place.
"This McDonald's is very impressive! It's clean, modern, it has a brick pizza oven and fresh pasta options, and a pretty decent arcade on the second level. And they bring your food to you!

Now... I ordered a maple dijon bacon bistro burger and it arrived without bacon and Dijon sauce. They brought it to me on the second floor and left before I noticed the error. I was trying to figure out how I would grab all of my stuff and my kid (who was excited about the play area) go back downstairs, get my order fixed, and avoid a toddler meltdown when I noticed an employee cleaning up. I asked him if he could get my order fixed, even though I knew it wasn't his fault or problem, and he did it happily! He even gave my son a free cookie for the inconvenience AND waited for me to check my burger to make sure everything was right. The customer service there was excellent! The burger was still lackluster  ½"
The kids play area  it's speaks for itself can take your child they will play for hours ,foods good and many options to choose from pizza and a friendly staff
Pretty chaotic inside during dinner time. Not a quick trip. Plan to stay a little while. Pasta is ok, Alfredo sauce was a little bland. Your able to customize your pasta with different meats and veggies but be prepared to pay an extra $1.50 each on top of the pasta already starting at $10.99 Pizza is phenomenal! Thin crust but not too crispy and very flavorful. All of your favorites like normal but with an actual working ice-cream machine!!     ½ï
The worlds largest McDonald's is amazing, a two story playland plus arcade games and an updated menu where you can choose waffles, build your own omelette, pasta and pizza plus delicious desserts. It's a great place to bing the kids on a relaxing day on Orlando; don't take my word, come see for yourself!!!
I hate to even give this 1 star as this was the WORST McD's visit ever! Waited 40 mins for 2 kids meals and 2 burger meals. Didn't get my drink, rcv'd a plain patty in a bun when i ordered a qtr pounder with CHEESE meal, no sauce for nuggets despite it being printed on my receipt which sauces I'd ordered. Got a halfa-s effort shamrock mcflurry instead of the shamrock shake I ordered. A manager was rude and yelling at every customer to move out of the way. The employees weren't friendly and ignored my kiosk help request. Just everyone I had to interact with was incredibly grumpy.
Not a nice experience at all . Kids were so excited about visiting this branch as its apparently been on You tube but omg Service is Very poor . Staff seem to have been given a sentence of working in here . The food quality is questionable as well . Would not recomend at all
If I could give zero stars I would! We drove 40 minutes thinking the kids would get to enjoy the play area but it was closed! We even made multiple calls to the location before going to ask if the play area was open but nobody ever answered the phone! We only found out after ordering and paying for food. No signs and no indication on their website the play area is closed! The video game card advertisement is deceptive and gave our kids 30 credits instead of 30 minutes leaving the done after only two games??!! The first employee had no desire to fix the problem. It wasn   t till my wife finally complained to the manager. Oh and if you ½
This is probably the best looking McDonald   s with a variety of different food options from burgers to pastas to desserts. Don 
Still maintaining a indoor Playspace with arcade on 2nd floor. Elevator access available, and restrooms on both floors. Delivery for food to tables both floors, ordering on first floor only. Double drive-thru lines. Open 24hrs
This is the best ever McDonald   s the sheer taste of the burgers is like nothing I ½ï
"Believe me when I say, I love McDonald's, but this particular restaurant is truly dreadful.
Waited 30 minutes for my first (and very probably last) spicy chicken sandwich (photo attached). You'd think with taking that amout of time it would at least resemble the menu picture in some small way, but no.
They ALMOST managed to get some sauce in there. Slightly more would have helped disguise the taste of the burnt brioche bun! I ate it for 3 reasons 1) I was hungry 2) I didn't want to wait a further 30 minutes to be served up another sad, burnt offering and 3) the dead eyes of the staff threatened to haunt my dreams for all eternity and I just couldn't face the soulsucking experience of trying to explain my disappointment to them when they were all clearly in their own personal hells.
Take my advice, if you decide to run the gauntlet of a late evening visit to this restaurant, order the pasta, not a burger, it's pretty decent if you have at least 30 minutes to wait for it. Otherwise, do yourself a favour and wander on to one of the many other restaurant choices in this part of iDrive. Wish I had!"
Big place haven't seen a McDonald's like this one two floors to eat and play its like a McDonald's and a chunky cheese in one recommended to every one if your in the area
Definitely worth coming inside to see everything the location has to offer.  Between the specialty menu items like "build-your-own-pizza" or Belgian Waffles there's over 50 menu items.  Try some hand-scooped ice cream or bakery cakes with your chicken nuggies.  Full arcade upstairs with huge Play Place.
Huge McDonald's! Well staffed and looked cleaner than most location I have visited. Very busy but service was fast. There are plenty of seats in upstairs floors.
Great big place for families. Games and playground.  They deliver your food to your table. Very clean and friendly staff.
Awesome McDonalds with a huge dining and play area along with a full arcade. They offer both make your own pizza and pasta which is a unique and fun experience to create via the kiosks. All the food was good and was delivered directly to our table. The staff was pleasant and helpful. Definitely check out the USA's largest McDonalds if you can, you won't regret it!
"We took the kids here for dinner after universal.
We made an 85.00 order. It was very loud as we sat on the second floor.
Be sure to get your drinks on the lower level. We waited 45 minutes to get our food while the kids played.
When we got our order 6 of us didn't get our food.
They deliver to your table. It took another 30 minutes to get our food corrected.
The kids had a great time. We were tired. Seating is comfortable and one young lady helped us finally get our order.
The bathrooms were very clean.
The difference between our morning trip here and the evening trip here was substantially different."
Pizza wa excellent. Pasta was good but peppery.  Normal McD food was similar to others.
It was crazy!!!!!! We waited so long to order.  Cashier had to get manager to change a $50 every time a customer gave to her ( people are on vacation/ families orders cost!!!!). She had to get manager to over ride coupons. Then she left register to help feel orders. Unfortunately people were leaving several saying that's why chic Fila number 1 mcdonalds should hire their trainers
Not your regular McDonalds and this model would be cool to spread across the USA.... Pleasent staff clean attentive aware of needs..... PERRIN WAS A GREAT Host... Made our morning awesome we will be back next year when we are in town for the PGA show!  ½ï¿½
Great food. Staff is amazing, unlike any other Mcdonalds you would go to!!!! Better to come here not during its peak
The customer service was okay and the service was a little slow, but the food was probably the best I ½ï¿½
It's a 2 story level McDonald's and they have many kiosk they would like you go check out that way but still had a guy on a register. They have all the usual food and them they have pizzas you can order and pasta. I got the tortellini Alfredo with chicken. It was very good. It's just insanely crowded
it was interesting to have 2 levels, but i don   t think it was as interesting as anticipa
Lovely meal I ate inside. Staff was pleasant and was available to assist with the ordering board. A cash registered was also available, If you choose not to order from the display board.  Love it.
We waited for an order we placed for more than an hour, asked on several occasions if the order would be ready soon. We were told that it was being prepared (but it wasn't our order).  They checked  again and the order was cold and had been sitting there for the longest time. However, one of the workers was kind enough to redo our order. This was the second day of the vacation & we lived right next door. Haven't been back to 'this' MacDonald's since.
Very nice staff, but the reason I   m writing this review with 2 stars is because of the fish tank. They have a fish tank here overcrowded with African cichlids, an aggressive type of fish who will chase each other around, nip at each other and other fish, and sometimes even kill them. They have one Bala shark, which is a very peaceful schooling fish who should be in a group of at LEAST 4 other Bala sharks. (Schooling fish can die from stress in some cases if they are alone.)  He is being nipped at, his fins are torn, and he gets about 16 inches long full grown. There are Plecos that also get about 24 inches long full grown in there too. I didn   t know who was in charge, I asked but apparently someone comes in to take care of them. I love the staff here! I just want to make sure their fish are being taken care of and happy. It ½anld be very happy in there. :) Keep in mind the rule of fish is every inch of fish (think about how big they will be full grown) should have at least one gallon, if not two gallons of water to swim around in. The cichlids alone get anywhere between 6-8 inches, and I couldn   t even count how many there is in there. Bala sharks are schooling fish and get about 16-18 inches and Plecos get about 24 inches long, and they get very wide as well. V
Nice place for kids but need more staff to keep up with the cleanliness of the place. Nats flying around by trash cans and over your food is horrible. Floors were horrible to walk on.
Do not come here. It is not worth it. The food never comes out hot or fresh, the employees are extremely rude, and the wait times are extremely long regardless of the time of day.
This is a really awesome Macdonald's. Not like any other. Truly unique. It offers a lot especially for kids with an aquarium, slides, and gaming areas. Technology is awesome with individual kiosks for placing orders and service is fast and friendly. We enjoyed it. Plus they serve pizza. All the benefits of the usual McDonald's with bonuses. It's also very clean and modern.
Best restaurant we went to in Florida. Yes I'm serious. Went to 6 restaurants and McDonald's was the best one. Kindest waitstaff, great food, clean eating area. All around Best restaurant experience.
This is by far the biggest McDonald   s I   ve ever been too, the 1st level has seating, the registers to order with a person or you can place your order in the kiosk machine, the 2nd level has an Arcade, 
Lots of different things on the menu. Kinda cool if you need a snack on vacation! Probably won't spend much time here
The gold standard for all McDonalds and on to of that, you can get pizza and pasta!   You order from the kiosk and take a tent number, get your drink cups from the cashier and find a table.  Your food will be made to perfection (not exagerating, all of our food looked as good and put together as it does on the menu photos).  There's an arcade on the third floor, stop in if you have a chance you won't regret it.
One cleanest McDonald's I've ever been inside to eat in. Very fast service pizza was surprisingly good. I would eat here any day.
Hard to believe this is a McDonald's. Beautiful building and they even have a brick oven for cooking pizza! They also have a dessert bar and an aquarium. Even if you don't really like McDonald's food it's cool just to check it out.
Best McDonald's I have ever been to...it has an awesome game room...like Dave N Busters!  Kids win tickets to exchange for cheap toys....It has a large play gym with multiple slides...computers at tables for ordering or playing games...iced cream bar...etc...
Sat upstairs.  Brought food to our table. No drinks machine upstairs.  6 kids. Had to go downstairs to get drinks. Then realized they messed up my order. Still a good experience.  Note. Large family sit downstairs.
This is the largest McDonalds I have ever seen massive two story second level has elevators and stairs and features a really nice play room for the kids and arcade room as well. They serve omelets,cake,cheescake,different flavors of icecream hard serve, woodfired pizza and pasta. Staff was friendly they even feature table service.
We have always visited this branch when we are in Orlando. As always, food prices in this particular location is very expensive. You can not get the morning deal of $2.39 compared to other location in. South FL. It is $3.79 for chicken biscuit and if you want to add a hasbrown, it becomes  $6.79 and since you like to add a drink, you have to add $0.60 for a sweet tea. Small size hot coffee is $1.99. Still a wonderful experience since they had the place renovated. We experienced our first kiosk ordering here when it was first introduced.
This is a great family place you can let the little ones run around the place is so clean and sanitized.  This McDonald's has a pizza restaurant within the same building as well so I find that to be a bonus. McDonald's service was friendly and fast and fresh so thanks.
I thought I had experienced a few disorganized McDonald   s before now. This is a whole new level of bad management. One hour wait time for a normal order plus a pizza. - The employees seem to all be very busy and there are plenty of them too. This leads me to believe management are not equipped to handle a location this size and either needs training or needs 
"World   s largest McDonald   s that serves PIZZA, PASTA & Deserts you cannot get at other Mickey D   s plus an awesome playplace for kids (separate toddler area)
Arcade inside has quite a few machines - game cards c"
Good is the Mac more large in the     ½
This place is massive, and a mad house! It was fun to  check it out, and they have more than the typical McDs menu - with brick oven pizza and a dessert counter - and even an arcade room upstairs where you can earn cheap prizes. Self service kiosks are nice, but chaotic, and a wifi location tracking number leads a server to your table to bring your food. For as long as I waited and as busy as it was, I expected hot and fresh food, but my tenders were room temperature at best, and the fries looked a day old.
If you   re ever visiting Orlando why not go to the biggest McDonald   s in the world. It is definitely really fun. The pastas and pizzas were surprising
Very busy, but It's nice and different types of food. From cakes to pasta and even pizza. Had the pizza and chicken alfredo they were surprisingly good and easy to go down. Doesn't compare to a good restaurant. But if your craving pizza or pasta can't go wrong
Totally, not worth it. I've received better service and food at standard McDonald's locations. The prices are ridiculously high for a McDonald's, the people are ghetto, and the facility could have been a lot cleaner.
"This is obviously the coolest mcdonalds I've been to. An arcade, little bakery, pizza, pasta and a cheesesteak!? Plus all the mcdonalds food you know of. I'm not giving it 5 stars because after waiting over 20 minutes and seeing others get their food and not have gotten my order yet, I had to go up to the counter and ask for it. But, the cashier was nice, gave me some extra nuggets for the wait and all was forgiven.

I recomend checking this mcdonalds out at least once in your life. Its definetly not like the one you are used to. Plus, open 24/7."
One of the best maccys I've seen. We don't get them the same scale here in the UK.  However during our visit on the middle floor there was female  drug addict camped out in the disabled restroom. Who went into the ladies restroom and blocked a member of our party from leaving and asked her for money. Fortuntely another member of the public went in and out party member returned.   Other than that. Really liked the place
It's a great place if you want to wait an hour for your food
The world's biggest McDonald's doesn't disappoint. My son was so excited to see they had Wood fired Pizza
The McDonald's pizza is surprisingly good! This particular restaurant is gigantic and well staffed, meaning there is always plenty of seating and service is quick and accurate. This is a fun stop when in Orlando, especially if you are heading east after visiting the Diz.
This is supposedly the world's biggest McD. I wanted to see what makes it so popular. Frankly speaking it's just another McD. No special food. Although the dessert section had sugar loaded yum desserts.
Worlds biggest Micky D ½ï
Seems like the food is hot or warm which is good but takes 5 mins everytime I order a quarter pounder
Was very busy. But food was great and made quickly. We didn   t get a chance to go up stairs because of the crowd but the kids enjoyed the fish tank
Fun place! Biggest MCD's in the country. Service is fast and friendly. Love the extra food selections! Kids really enjoy the arcade upstairs as well.
Great experience I got my pizza fast and overall it was great the pizza was well made.
Ok, it's complicated. Its always crowded because of its location but this McDonald's is just unique!! I believe the biggest and if you enjoy McDonald's you are going to love this one. And the pizza and pasta, "yes you read correct" is delicious. Its like there own recipes and they got it right !!!
The pasta was incredible! It was a fair price and the flavor was on par with other more expensive pasta resturants. Overall great experience, the service was good and the restaurant looked clean. No complaints.
Absolutely horrible McDonald's, the staff were rude and over worked. They didn't help you in any way at all. I waited 30 minutes for a coffee and when I went to ask for the cup to pour my own I got snapped at.
Has to be the best McDonald   s I have been in. They say the World biggest Mcd 
"This is the biggest McDonald's in the world, has an upstairs with arcades and child's play area.

Menu is extensive, with pasta, pizza, omelettes and all day breakfasts!

If you visit Orlando and like a cheeky McDonald's, be sure to visit here!"
"Nice organization, overall clean enough. The food took a while to come and my order needed a lot more salt than it had.
The arcade area was fun! You can pay 5 dollars to have unlimited credits for 30 minutes, not so bad (you can't earn prize tickets with this unlimited mode though)."
"Hostess" at the entrance had no desire to be there and wasn't shy about showing it, same went for the cashier. If you're used to Canadian prices... expect to pay almost double that. Crispy chicken had pickles on it and that's it, no sauce or anything... it also tasted like fish. Do not recommend. Beyond disappointing for being an "attraction".
It didn't seem like the largest McDonald's in the world. But it was big to the point it had an arcade and place where the kids could crawl thru tunnels and go down slides.  The kids had fun. I do not eat from fast food places like McDonald's, Wendy's, Burger King etc.... So I can't tell you how the food taste.
Very clear local, kindly staff and I loved the pizza
I visited this McDonald's only for the fame it has. What makes it special is the new menu items pizza and spaghetti. Also the arcade and the top floor is very nice. My food didn't take long and the restaurant was very busy specially on Thanksgiving holiday. 8/10
Be ready for a 45 min to 1.5 hr wait for food.  For McDonald's food??? The line for cancelli ng orders was surprisingly long!
Worst McDonald   s experience EVER. Waited over an hour for food, which was cold when it finally arrived. Had to go back to the line to get our shake and a sundae. While waiting for those, talked to multiple others who had also waited over an hour for food and one who waited over 30 minutes for coffee (he aske
It's McDonald's on steroids lol never have I  thought pizza and pasta be on the menu here. Wish I tried it before leaving the area, but it was very chaotic inside.
Same mc McDonald's new experience. They offer foods not on the menu at other McDonald's, such as fruity pancakes and pizza. The best part, however, is being able to order breakfast items all day. It also features a second story with playplace and odd singing moon character that plays piano. Parking, however, is hard to find even at the best of times.
Fun tourist feel. Kids will go crazy. Nice small arcade. Please ask the crew for help in cashing in winnings they don't have a separate team working the arcade.
While this is a fun mcdonalds with a huge Playland and an arcade, the service is lacking. We ordered and they bring your food to you. We waited at least 20 minutes, went to the counter to check and then they gave us only part of what we ordered. I went back and got the rest, no apology, no compensation.....
The indoor playground was close on a saturday. So many families complaining that they traveled to bring their kids here.
Food was great and they even served pizza and pasta. Multiple stories with playground and arcade games
Best McDonald's I've ever been to. Good quality food, especially for a fast food restaraunt. This McDonald's also had a very fun-looking game room.
The food was good except my husband found a hair on his sandwich. They have pasta, pizza, and different desserts in addition to the regular meal. There is a huge play area and arcade upstairs. It's fun but nothing special. I felt the food was a tad over priced considering our regular sandwich meal was $10 each.
You don't see a McDonald's with two-story anywhere until you come to Orlando, Florida. Just because of the size, I forced my family for us to eat here. They had a whole arcade area, pizza line etc. You have to check it out when you visit Orlando.
They forgot to give me cup for my coffee after waiting half hour. And when I went to ask for refund. They gave refund without any hassle and also offered free Apple pie for the inconvenience. And they still gave me cup for coffee. Staff are friendly. Huge play area for kids.
Come on people, this place is so dirty and gross. Didn't try the pizza or pasta, but felt like I waS touching every virus known to man. My Big Mac was cold and no sauce. I was standing there when it was put up.
Wow this McDonald's is different. First of all there's 2 floors. The first floor is essential just for dining and ordering. It is very different than a normal McDonald's however. Then on the second floor, which you can access via stairs or elevator, features a full fledged arcade and children's play area alongside some more eating areas. This McDonald's is a tourist attraction in and of itself. For sure worth a visit, even if you just go to see it because it's pretty cool. They also happen to serve McDonald's Pizza and Pasta too.
Nice McDonalds, but pricy for just getting drinks. Medium soft drink $2.39? Really? Ok, call me a cheapskate, but that   s a little p
Best McDonald's menu and play ground area I ever seen in my life .
We've been here multiple times and always thru the drive thru. Today, we actually ate inside for lunch. Today, the food was pretty good. Previously, it was ok to good, occasional messed up orders. Regardless,  we will continue to come back.
"The low score is for the Maroon Shirt Manager on 4.3.23 who took the phone off the hook and still allowed the app to sell curbside orders that would never be delivered due to the phone being off the hook. Then, making people sit in the lobby and ignore them while she sat and ""responded to surveys."" Well ma'am  here is one for you, since apparently surveys take president over service.

It took the Blue Shirt Manager realizing nothing was being done up front to get anything done. She realized the Maroon Shirt Manager had the phone off the hook for 4 hours, apologizing, correcting issues, and holding people accountable to get anything going.  To her, I am sorry that this is a low scoring survey. She deserves better than that."
The WORST!! We use drive-thru/curbside pickup because we have busy lives. We   ve sat at both, for over 25min. When the manager Nathan picked up the phone, he sounded upset because I was calling. He said he would look into my order, because he was currently busy, getting orders
Gas station McDonald's, adjoining but separate from the station's Timewise convenience store. (Bathrooms in-between, which were clean and multi-stalled.) Staff appeared to all be wearing masks, which is appreciable given their position of making food for and interacting with such a confluence of travelers from far-flung corners as they must. Food quality was on the high-side of McDonald's very small margin of differentiation. Only hic-up is that the space is not built for intimate conversations, and since they don't yell at you over the ambient hustle and bustle, I had some difficulty hearing the teller taking our order, as well as (though at a near table) did not hear our order number called -- hence I took off a star for "ambiance" in my rating here.
This was actually the fastest McDonald's I've ever been in for the drive-thru. I ordered on the app, go to the pay window, waited about a minute and a half, got my drink then my food and I'm finally I was on my way. I wish other McDonald's were just as fast.
Good McDonald's usually connect to a Travelwise gas station but due to covid it's no longer connected. Additionally, there is no dining in. You can only get food through the drive-thru. My drive-thru order is always correct. I usually have a special order of no pickles and it's always correct.
This is the best McDonalds! I   ll come here for breakfast/lunch and the staff is always super friendly and kind, the food is always hot, and they give you a cookie with your order when placed through the app! Don ½ï¿½ï¿½
This McDonalds stands out from the others. It has great management, friendly fast service, and the food always taste like it should. The restaurant is ALWAYS clean and its connected to a convenient store if you need to grab other things as well or need to get gas. Great location that puts you right back onto the highway if you are traveling and has clean restrooms for the kids!
I was on my way to work in the morning, I waited almost 10 minutes just for service. The young petite lady with some what red,short, straight hair and wearing a hat, was rude, impatient and basically I was bothering her. But as I got to the window another sweet and friendly girl took my payment. But as I got my food from the first rude girl, she had this look on her face, like leave already. I am a morning person, I'm always nice to everyone even when I'm treated disrespectful.
10 minutes late opening, employees laughing while there is a line. Gate is closed inside, employee said to just wait. I   m trying to run my own business, and these are notes I will take into not 
Got wrong order twice! Day 1, missing a Double Cheeseburger, went in to tell them and was ignored until they saw I wasn't leaving. Next day, ordered a Sausage McGriddle drive thru and got a Sausage and Egg McMuffin. How hard is it to get a simple order right!?! Seriously!
if I could give 0 stars I would just off this experience I had tonight. I   m usually not your typical Karen but when you mess up the same order 3 times in the same night practically in the same hour i will be a Karen. So first off I came all the way from boerne because this is the closest Mc Donald   s too us , so we get there order our food I ordered 2 10 piece nuggets med fry , large fry and a quarter ponder and happy meal we get our food and sadly we don   t bother to check the bag we get all the way back to our house IN BOERNE & we only have our quarter ponder and happy meal and the fry with the quarter ponder meal . I call the McDonald   s and tell them what went wrong the lady tells me , ½sbelief 
ordered a double quarter pounder and received a big mac. there was hardly any line for drive thru. Yet they can't get the order right!
"I went through the drive-through at this Mc Donalds and had no issue with ordering. However, it did take unusually longer to go through the Drive Thru.

To that end, the food was hot and fresh. However, they did overstuff the bags with my order. As when I got one of the bags ripped and my food fell on the floor.

Lastly, if you go to this McDonalds be sure to double check if the bag is overfilled and ask for an additional bag if you need it. Besides that, everything else was fine."
I love coming to this Mcdonald   s (LEON SPRINGS, TX ! Everyone is very welcoming ! The service here is great! No matt
It's McDonald's, lol. Not much to say except at this location the fries are usually cold. We don't live that far to where they would get cold on the way home.
I always use the app here, but these guys are the best. I hardly ever wait and the food is al ways hot and made right.
Good lord these people can't McDonald's  
When your in a hurry and want fast food- can   t beat the Golden Arches. I   m a quarter pounder with che
Consistent and great customer service for over a year now. Had to update my review as I order food here regularly. I know this isn't a fancy wine and dine but I never have a bad experience regardless if using the mobile app, or drive thru, or the occasional walk in I do. The manager and great team are to thank for this. Always polite, timely, and much more than you get at any other McDonald's.
Management is so kind here at this one. They are very efficient at this busy busy location .
If I could leave 0 stars I would! I have checked in on app and called the store just like they asked twice, and I   ve been waiting 20 mins for 1 burger and a sprite! At 21 mins  they answer and say they are almost ready for it, and still waiting. I get workers are short and I also get waits, but at least hav
One of the slower McDonald   s but attached to the gas station for convenienc
they always forget the sauce when you ask for them.  check your bags before you leave the drive thru
The line can be a little slow but they get everything right so it ½ï
Friendliest McDonalds staff I have ever met. Love the old school setup. Great pitstop during long drives.
I don't know what it is about this particular McDonald's. The line is always extremely long and takes forever to get through. It's been that way for years and the other day I went through for the 1st time in 4 years and had the exact same result since I lived in the neighborhood adjacent to this McDonald's. Nothing has changed in 4 years, that has to bad thing right?
Longtime customer. This afternoon I was pleased to see the dining room open again with limited hours.  I would like to point out that this particular crew and manager tonight provided most excellent service. And the manager was great at keeping employees motivated which I don't often see elsewhere. And the food was excellent. Fries were just right and the Mc Rib was great. Quite frankly this may have been my best McDonald's experience ever! Keep up the good work!
It's McDonald's not a Michelin Star restaurant. Service wasn't the best, then again it was 11pm on a Saturday. Fries were lukewarm, McFlurry was watery, and the cashier needed an attitude adjustment. But if you're in need of a late night snack after a night out look no further!
Still waiting for a good McDonald ½
"I've been to this McDonald's twice now and it's never been faster than 30 minutes. Even with a simple order like fries and a drink.
Ordered mobile and it took over 30 minutes for my order and I watched everyone standing in line to order get ignored for 20 minutes at a time. Which, after reading reviews seems like it is the norm to wait 30 minutes for a single mcgriddle.
After I waited over 30 minutes for my order, they forgot my drinks (which I waited at the counter for another 5 minutes before anyone even asked what I needed) and my order was wrong. But I wasn't about to sit another half hour for them to remake a different sandwich. Not a big deal.
Not the employees fault necessarily... just seems like they're EXTREMELY  understaffed!
Shame on upper management for allowing this to happen. I wouldn't want to work in that environment either."
Ordered curbside to go, sat in spot #3 for 20 min and never received my food. Had to take my sleeping child inside. Food was prepared but never brought to the car, by the time i got home it was all cold. Do not recommended this location.
Long line but moved quickly what else can I say it's Mcdonalds!
Good hash brown
This McDonald's is always in the same place and it's as good as any McDonald's ever.
"Mobile ordered food and waiting about 30 minutes before going in and asking. The young man who helped me was very nice but the other man who was working the counter was AWFUL. He called a mans order once and while said man was getting up to go to the counter the worker said    Oh? Not here? This is trash then!    And threw the order away. It had net even been 30 seconds since he called out the order. When the young man who was working on my order stepped away to grab something the man grabbed my bag and asked what it was and why it was sitting there and started to throw it away. Luckily the one helping me stoped him and finished my order. While I understand they were busy but that is no way to act. This is by far the worst experience I   ve ever had at this location. Thinking it .
But today- I will never order here again and will be in contacting corporate about their behavior. After 40 minutes of waiting I go inside and ask for my food and a refund. They argued with me that I hadn   t ordered when you can see of the app the exact time my order was placed. My food was sitting on the counter to be taken out. Instead of giving me my food the girl  ½ï"
This is honestly my favorite McDonald's, my food is always fresh, the staff is always nice and I even get lucky and find a free cookie in the bag from time to time!
Store stays pretty clean and food is made fresh.
Dining room is still closed, and as a result, the drive through line is routinely 15-20 customers deep.  Runs more efficiently than in the past.  Customer service at this location has improved noticeably in recent months.  Courteous and friendly at every visit.  Order accuracy has also made a trend for the better.
"Long wait at drive thru despite one car in front of me. 15 minutes to get a fish sandwich and drink. Sandwich was disgusting and wound up throwing it
Out. Staff seemed confused as my order sat on the counter with workers waking past it many times before they finally gave it to me."
Generally fast service, accurate orders.   This particular McDonald's is attached with a gas station and is often pretty busy but the line does tend to move quickly.   I do often check my order to ensure I receive my order accurately - for example I get the ketchup or dipping sauce I asked/ordered with my meal -and generally the orders are accurate.  The lines may take a bit more time but again this particular location is at a busy intersection and the next close McDonald's is going to be in Boerne.
McDonald's is good comfort food when you need a bite. Still wish they could improve on customer service and adding ketchup to the fries. Disappointing only because it's a multi billion dollar corporation that can't get the simple things right.
They have started to give a full slice of cheese when you order one on Filet-O-Fish sandwiches, and that was a real problem before in which they used to give half of a slice extra. This is a fast location and food is consistently fresh, so now this location has the highest rating I've given a fast food chain yet to date. Kind of never thought I'd give McDs a 4 star, but I did.
Food was good ... price point for fast food is too high. For two people $23 +. For quality and size of fast food meal, I should have gone to cracker barrel.
I just want to applaud the team that worked this (closing) shift, everyone   s working really hard and I loved how kind the cashier was. It was my first time dining in and would re
This location traditionally has fresher tasting food than other locations however they forget sauce for the nuggets pretty frequently.
Drive through is okay maybe online order inside, but to order at the counter is like visiting a prisoner through glass during visiting hours. So uncomfortable. I just can't support McDonalds at this time, not in-til they get over their very twisted views on the current situation. Maybe you agree with their myopic and archaic views, can you hear me all the way back on 1899; but for me and my family we want to go somewhere that's alive, inviting atmosphere, and fun, not a funeral - RIP McDs customer service you shall be missed 2019-2022
There   s no one in line when I go, and they can   t even put jelly in my bag as requested. So many regulations to using the mobile app code that it ½ï¿½ï
If I could put no starts I would. First off the girl working the drive through got our order wrong. So then when we pulled up to the second window the boy was giving us a ton of attitude. We get our food and the fries are burnt and old and there   s no salt on them so they taste old and bland ½ï
Working for doordash in that area, and everytime I go to pick up a order.  I wait over 30 minutes atleast.  People are just standing around and doing nothing.  I even asked who the manager is, and the lady pointed to the guy sitting down eating.  This hasn't just happened once, it has happened every time!  I don't like to accept orders from McDonald because of this, but I have to make money.  This place needs to get their stuff in gear.  It's a busy place and not really any competition.
"Cannot comprehend why @McDonald's has employees posted in the drive thru lanes taking orders well out of view of the menus. This just frustrates and delays customers for no reason.

If you are trying to be like Chick-fil-A, you're facilities were not built to serve that operating model nor are your employees trained to work that way efficiently.

McDonald's used to be a place to dash into for a fast meal but it's faster to go and dine inside most any other restaurant at this point.

Food was up to standard and only reason I gave  ï¿½ï¿½"
"Honestly it   s okay but for some reason we always have bad luck and get brown and/or old fries. Also they always close earlier than what google or their store says they   re open till.
Most of their employees are nice. Some are just blah. But they "
This is the slowest McDonald's I've ever experienced.  The staff is difficult to deal with and 5 out of 5 times our order is wrong. Great location and clean facilities though.
Worst McDonald   s I   ve ever been too. The disrespectful teenager that brought my food to my car was slow and never spoke a word 
Hot fries     ½ï¿½ï¿
Drive to the next McDonald   s. This place is robbing people. French fries are ALWAYS old and cold. There will be something missing or wrong with your order 95% of the time. They served me old expired pies. I   m convinced there is no management and the owners do not keep track of what   s going on in their own restaurant. Once they have messed up your order there 
There is no way to rate your establishment, very  disheartening due to we were on the road and needed to sit and rest before getting back on, also need to use the restroom. Food was great, but can't really give proper rating cause of this. I enjoy McDonald's, but I getting a bit feed up with the dining closure everywhere. Please do not reply due to pandemic, and safety, due to other establishment being open. I travel a lot on the road and soon will be passing up every McDonald's due to this. I stop because of the Kids. Disheartening once again.
Awesome food awesome recipe awesome workers great head manager great cleaning services great breakfast great pancakes we love Mcdonalds awesome place!
Lobby still closed even though Whataburger and everyone else has opened up.  So, you get to spend 20 to 30 minutes waiting in the drive through line to place an order that half the time they screw up.  Happened again today.  A simple #1 meal with a coke.  Got only the Big Mac and nothing else.  Pointed it out to the lady and handed her the bag back.  She disappeared for few minutes and when she returned with my order, shoved it at me and rudely turned away like it was all my fault.  This is probably the worst run McDonald's in the area.   Don't recommend it at all.
Don't ever try ordering online for pickup here. If you do you had better bring the device you ordered on. They don't care If that's a phone, tablet or desktop computer they expect it to be here before they will "release" the food to you. My wife ordered pur food so that she didn't have to relay everyone's orders over the phone to me. Got to the restaurant and they literally wanted me to drive home and get my wife's phone for "security' reasons. They also took no responsibility saying it's our falt for not being normal and brining the device like everone else and wouldn't offer any solutions. We ended up canceling the order and going to Chick-fil-A who by the way my wife ordered online and they let me pick up without needing the device. I called corporate and they said in this situation the staff at this location should have just asked for the order number and brought me the order.
"I have to do this cause I'm upset with McDonald's as a former employee but also a business partner (if you can call Doordash a business partner)

They don't pay enough, so the employee turnover rate is high or they just don't show up, they have seemingly no limits on how many delivery and mobile orders people can place so they get backlogged, swamped, and can't keep up.

I parked, called, told them I had an order and they said to get in the drive thru. By the time I got to the window; they hadn't even started the order. It took 20 minutes in total. I lost money waiting on McDonald's.

Seriously, reformat your business structure. It was embarrassing working here and apologizing for the ineptitude of this company.

Be nice to the employees, it's not their fault. I'm not even sure it's the manager's fault, but they have to tell their higher ups about this."
Clean and fast. Good food good service
Horrible experience. First, the person taking order sounded rushed. I barely mention my first item and you just constantly get    What else!... what else!... what else!    before I   m even done talking. Second. I asked for my fries to be WELL DONE. I got nasty undercooked fries. Either that or they were old fries. I get to the window and present a coupon for a discount. The guy    looks    for the numbers instead of just scanning the QR Code, pops his head back out the window and tell me the same total. What happened with the coupon?! Did it not take. Hi
Good food. Pretty fast considering lunch rush. I would give 5 stars had the manager not been to rude to myself, other customers and employees, not to mention his inability to pay attention to orders. Perhaps he forgot that drinks are not in the lobby with the current health risks even though he had no problem shoving the lids and straws at me.
It was ok but they didn't bag my happy meals and my nuggets and and no drink holder 3 drinks and a shke so it all feel out in the car and the shake stained my seats but ##it happens right
Very poor service! While on a long road trip we stopped in to get gas and coffee. Upon entering the McDonald's the floors were extremely dirty, but we came after lunch so maybe they had a busy lunch rush. Then when I stepped up to the counter to order, the menu screens were stuck on frozen 2 advertisements. Then I order 2 Caramel Mocha  Coffees. After about 3min of waiting the kid behind the counter tells me the machine broke he needs to get the manager. Come to find out the machine is on auto-clean and it will be 18min before our coffee is ready. Not wanting to wait around they tell me they can give me two regular coffees. When I tell them that regular coffee is 1$ a cup and I was charged 7.58$ for two specialty coffees they offer to make up the difference in food. That's nice and all, but we did not want nor need any food. I ask for just a refund at that point. Mind you this whole ordeal takes almost the 18min for the machine to finish cleaning but by now I just wanted to get out of there. The staff were all very young and seemed very poorly trained. While they were nice and tried to make it right, I think better training of the employees at this location is necessary. While waiting for my refund I watched multiple other customers receive the wrong order or had issues with their food. I dont often go to McDonald's but continued visits with poor service has definitely left a bad impression!
How does the drive thru line not move in nearly 5 min? Not saying it   s only employee error. Som
"I had revise my earlier review, left underneath this new one.

Just had the most bizarre experience. The lady who took my money at the first window seemed to have a problem with me wanting my change back. She FOLLOWED me to the other window, and started harassing me BETWEEN the barriers meant to stop the spread of Covid 19. Multiple times she stuck her face between the windows to berate me. She asked me what else I was waiting for after I got my drink. As I had just given her my money, she shouldn't be handling my food at all, much less trying to talk to me and knew I had a burger. She then closed the window, and started throwing a coniption that I couldn't hear. The then reopened the windows, stuck her face between the barriers and told me she knew what I had ordered. I told her I didn't understand, and she shoved her face further out and repeated she knew what my order was again, closer and more loudly. I don't get it, I've been here many times and gotten my food without any problems. This young lady not only made the food leave a bad taste in my mouth, but she is exposing people to the potential life threatening virus for no reason. Very very poor attitude and dangerous actions because I wanted my change?

Great, they have really turned things around in the last couple years. The service used to be slow and highly inconsistent. These days, despite all the challenges the restaurant industry has faced they overcame whatever had been stopping them from providing the McDonald's Standard, fast food with correct orders. Not sure if they got new management, training, or equipment, but these guys have brought back the Gold (Arch) Standard. Great job team!"
Ordered a filet of fish w/extra tartar.  Got a filet of fish with regular tartar sauce, no cheese slice, but with a slice of tomato.  There isn't suppose to be tomatoes on a filet of fish.  Another visit ordered large fries and 2 soft drinks.  Waited over 30 minutes.  I mean how hard could that be ???
The ice machine was out of ice, had to wait several minutes for my breakfast due to all the online orders waiting in front of me, service was really slow. They obviously have a labor issue at this McDonald's, not enough people working at this location.
I previously had great service with the last McDonald   s leadership team.  They were prompt and efficient.  This current team lacks the standards of the previous one.  Car lines were backup and missing items ordered in the bag, over 20 minutes for a hot apple pie, unacceptable. I thoug
I am currently sitting in the drive-thru at this McDonalds and although it   s taking forever, Ince you get to the first window, the customer service is awesome!!!! They have a lot of new faces, but the same friendly service. I met Chris, manager, for the first time and he is awesome! Issac brought my food out, because I had to wait in a reserve spot, and he was so ni
Normally I would rate this with a 5 star, but lately this location has been having a lot of staff coordination. I just left today and I asked for pancakes with sausages and added bacon to it, but they forgot to add the sausage which by the way normally comes with the order. So I get to work to the surprise that I paid extra for something missing in my order! The place and the food's fine, but the coordination with the employees and the supervisors needs to improve a lot.
Very friendly and try to show respect. Frys are always hot and salted. The one problem we face over and over is corrrct and extra sauces for nuggets. When we ask for sweet 'n' sour, we end up with bbq. If we ask for extra sauce; I can only think of one time it was given. All in all the crew members there try to do a good respectful job.
Online says they open at  6 am but staff showing up late and didn ½ï
Been understaffed for over a month. You expect McDonald's to be there for your midnight cravings. I remember a group of people were told that McDonald's was not taking their order due to being understaffed, yet there were 3 people in the back. It only takes 2 people to run things back there. What do you do during the day when you're understaffed? Lose out on the incoming money? If 2 people cant function in the back then you shouldn't be working there to begin with. Simple as that!
Hands down, best experience at a McDonald   s . We just left and the morning crew was amazing. This was my first time here and I was not expecting anything amazing just basics. This location exceeded all my expectations. The service was quick, staff was friendly, food was hot, coffee was fresh. I ½ï¿
Horrible experience. There was a long line for the drive thru, so I pulled out of line thinking that a curbside order would be faster. After 15 minutes I keep seeing employees come in and out but not bringing food to the curbside orders and the line for the drive thru kept moving.  Even the car that pulled next to me gestured for me what is going on. I called the number on the sign and no one answered. I hung up and called again because at this point I was upset and couldn   t cancel my order through the app. Finally someone answered and I told I had been waiting 20 minutes at this point for my food to come out and I was to cancel my order. She said that I had to do it on the app. I told her no I already tried and I need the manager to refund me my money. She said she was the manager and I had to cancel on the app. I asked her how do you do it because I didn ½nl be out soon with my refund. An employee comes out to deliver the car next to me their order. I then had to shout over to him where my refund is and he said they were still working on it.  Horrible customer service. Now I 
It always takes forever to get somebody to help you...
Pure trash. Worst experience on multiple occasions. Card swiped and charged twice. Took and act of Congress to get it reversed. Paid at the first window, drove to the second window, and employee says, "You didn't pay for your food!" Show the receipt and no apology or remorse, just "oh?!" Hands food to me. Last episode, shortchanged $20 of a $100 Bill. GM says next, we checked everything except what was actually take from the register and denies error in the transaction, but say I'll give you a free meal and dessert?! I can't wait to see that location shut down for good. Shame on the franchise owner and the corporation for the service at that location. Filing a police report and BBB complaint.
Carmel Frappe should have it own line
The service is incredibly slow and the staff clearly couldn't care less about customer service. Cashier smelt like a fresh ash tray. Make sure you check your bag before driving off. I know it's fast-food but they could have some standards
Consistently inconsistent! 11/7 pre ordered thru the app . No one in line in the drive thru took 20 mins to get my order ! While I watched car after car after car go thru the line . I finally called in and and asked the status  AFTER 20 Mins ...was advised the manager was getting it now . Wait what ???? It was beyond COLD ! $50 of McDonald   s down the drain . And I ha
It's a McDonald's. They at least have some trailer parking.
I was so upset as we got the wrong order for my granddaughter..well I called and spoke to a manager Audicle... unbelievable amazing customer service...she understood my frustrations, she went above and beyond to make sure the meal was correct & hot.. I will undoubtedly be a return customer there regardless of the line ...with managers like that the store must run well with happy employees as well... Great job !!!
Do y'all close the dining room at 10pm or 9:52pm?
"Love McDonald's fries..... but inside lobby is closed      ½
Update 8/3022: they are super busy and und"
Worst McDonald's ever. Sorry I usually love all McDonald's.
Dining room is closed and the drive thru line is always long. Ordering on the app for curbside took over 30 minutes to get our food brought out to us. I would recommend waiting out the drive thru if you must have McDonalds
There were only 3 people ahead of us in the order line.  It took 15 minutes before we could order.  It took another 15 minutes for our food to come.  We were missing parts of our order and everything we ordered was cold.  McDonald's corporate needs to visit this location and review service, cleanliness and food product.5
This location was closed to dine in service so we did not end up eating here. Though I've got to say that it's surprising to see a large fast food chain closing stores where they might lose business. It's almost like they value their employees. Well done, mcdonalds.
Waiting a while for service and food. Low staff. Next to a convenience/ gas station. Big Mac had a small speck of dressing. Bread was dry.
Ordered their all day breakfast around 9pm after work and had 2 hash browns and a sausage biscuit. The biscuit was so hard that I could not bite through it and I even made a hole in the top when I was just trying to bend it to see if it would move and obviously it was very old. I was inside so I took it back and asked for a new one and        I        even apologized for causing them trouble. I waited about 10 minutes and when they brought what was supposed to be a new one out to me, it was the same one!! It was smashed so they had probably tried to see if I was lying about the texture and smashed it when they saw how hard it was. They had reheated it and gave it back to me with the hole on the top biscion to not do so. Imagine what they are giving you :)
"It's McDonald's. I never expect anything to much.
But I do expect the servers to be nice to customers and each other. But sadly that is not true at this location. My server showed no interest or seemed not to care that he has to work.
Sadly this is not the first time I experienced this type of service from this location.

If you want a quick lunch, snack, or dinner. It is worth the drive to go to the Rim location. At least the servers say ""hi"" and are friendly."
I always get mobile curbside pick up and usually they take less than 10 minutes for the order, even if there's a long line in the drive thru.
Check your order! We live nearby and so it's very convenient. Unfortunately, we can't rely on them getting the order correct, and it's not worth the hassle of going back in and waiting for the thing they forgot. Once we got a Happy Meal with no nuggets, next time it was a combo with no fries, and then a combo with no burger. We're done. Not worth the hassle. This isn't a McDonald's issue- it's just this location!
"This location refuses to serve truck drivers.
Tried to walk through the drive thru, but was told that they couldn't serve me if I wasn't in a car.
Sounds like discrimination against oversized vehicles to me.
If they can get sued for burning someone with hot coffee, you better believe ill have a suit filed before Monday."
The McDonald's at Fair Oaks has got to be the slowest location with the rudest people. Seriously, there are two other locations in either direction ( at the Rim and in Boerne) so go to one of those unless you love to wait forever for sub-par, lukewarm food and/or be slapped around with someone's bad attitude.
They had a pretty long line for the drive-through when I was there, but they got through everyone pretty quickly.
Tried their new Crispy Chicken sandwich. Came wirh pickles only, no mayo or any other condiments. And the guy on the intercom couldn't talk articultely; i.e. as if he was on drugs or half asleep.
Stopped off at 8pm on Tue. 06-08-21.  Went thru the drive thru, all smooth no issues quick fast food, nice and hot. That You for taking time to read this review, follow my reviews on Google and Please give me a thumbs up.
Night shift was slacking one night I went by, but the manager quickly resolved by getting more employees on the shift and the results were great! Speedy service and good taste as usual.  This is my favorite McDonald's to go to
Slowest McDonald's around, But the games and modern layout make it easy to pass the time. Particularly like the touch screen head to head games... Play them with my daughter and we have a blast.  Food delivered to the table for those eating in the restaurant. Bathrooms are clean and there is easy access on and off the 35 for those traveling through and needing to grab a quick bite to eat.
Went through the drive-through and at 10:59am was told only serving breakfast and that I'd have to circle back around to the back of the line since lunch doesn't start until 11:00am.
"We had the hottest quarter pounder we have ever had! This Mcdinalds Ricks.
The drive thru was fast and we even got enough napkins!!!
Great job...keep it up.
Ill go to this Mcdonalds any day!!!!!"
Clean spot personally everyone is clean the food is clean and fresh the quarter pounder is always fresh. Had a deluxe crispy chicken with mayo and bacon
Always some kind of liquid on the floor. Always here employees yelling at each other. Place is dirty and they don't seem to clean it.
"Food tastes gross been eating healthy too long figured I would try them out it has been probably 10 years since I had McDonald's chicken products. It was either old or they figured out how to Nuke girl Chicken in about 30 seconds either way slightly concerning LOL.

this is only a review of the food quality the service at this location seem great and if we could rate businesses categorically then they would have received five stars for customer service and speed"
Update  If I could give this location zero stars I would. I have given them multiple chances and every time it just gets worse.  Do not mobile order and expect it to be timely nor correct. Do not expect any friendly customer service here from anyone including the "managers". They all need a lesson in management and customer service.
Drive thru not hardly. You might as well go in and wait. Placed our order at 1:07 finally came at 1:20. There were 3 cars ahead of us still waiting for their orders. When you are in a hurry pass this one by. At least they are consistent with their slowness. The food wasn't even hot. Tired of giving them chances.
Best pancakes ever and the service was nice and quick
Super great fries.  Hot and fresh.  Scarfed those babies up in no time.
Ordered food at 8:20, got there at 8:30, put my parking number into the app, made sure it was the right location, waited 30 minutes. No food, went in mad because I   ve been waiting, they tell me that my order was never in the system, I showed them the app showing that it was this location and that the order was placed, I placed an online order yesterday and with th
I used the app to order. They don't make your food until you're actually there, could've just used the drive thru. The food took over 10 mins, yes 10. Then they almost forgot an item. This McDonald's is consistently slow and almost always miss an item in the order but it's the closest one to where I live -unfortunately.
The continents glide across the earth faster than the line moves here. Food was good at least
Manager was very rude and unprofessional, staff was disrupted by her disrespect for customers. She was in too much of a rush to speed cars along that i was unable to purchase more food. Bad business practice in my opinion. DT 11:30 am, Thursday June25.
"Always reliable and consistent flavors.
Great location. Great service.
Options for everyone.
Not open yet, but curb side pick up and drive through available."
"You all need to step up the game. My order is almost always wrong, especially the kids meals for some reason...just like today...I asked for apples and of course didn't get them. Shocker.
Girl at the 1st window in a camo jacket was rude and generally unhappy sounding.
Terrible!!
Update:we ALSO got a toy in the happy meal with a coupon for a ticket to six flags that expired in 2017!"
I went through the drive-thru; service was fast and efficient,  just as I expected it to be. The staff was courteous and even provided me with extra napkins when I asked for them. The food was hot and good. What more could one want?
I'm normally not a McDonald's customer,but, today I tried their crispy chicken sandwich and it was very good. Fast, friendly service as well( one of McDonald's trademarks)
This is the 3rd time in a month that we have ordered food from this store and have not received even close to what we have ordered. Would avoid this location at all cost from here on out. Continually going down hill and poor and slow service.
Friday night 10:45 pm. Dining room still closed. There are about 6-7 cars in line behind the person who just ordered when an employee comes out and tells us SORRY, WE STOPPED TAKING ORDERS BECAUSE WE CLOSE AT 11....
Little slow getting order out but it was nice, hot and fresh!
Just trash service.... just waited 40 minutes in a drive thru (after paying) just walk in and grab my own food and barely get a im sorry... they tried to bring me the wrong order took my receipt and NEVER came back, I walked in to get my own food.  Absolute worst experience ordering food in a drive thru... NEVER AGAIN
Why would you ask me when im ordering if i want any condiment if ur just going to forget them. Fries are raw and my sandwich patty was hard but yet they still some how managed to smush the sandwich in half. Atlest they wore able to get the drink right.
McDonald's is always a treat. If in a big hurry I get a double cheeseburger with a large Dr. Pepper.  Or on hot South Texas days a vanilla ice cream cone hits the spot. Yum!!!
My daughter and I love the quality of service that we receive here, and the great tasting food. My family and I are truly thankful.
This McDonalds is a hot mess.   I live near it and regret coming here every time I do.    Always out of something or a machine is down.     Tonight I sat in the drive through for 15+ min just sitting here watch the drive thru guy freak out over his computer not working...only to be told a machine is out.   Get it together!
Not only does this location routinely forget items we paid for, tonight they served us a RAW burger (and also forgot food!) and I ½ï
Just had the worst meal. Fries were limp and very cold. Chicken nuggets tasted like cardboard; my kids wouldn't even eat them. The lettuce on my chicken sandwich was unrecognizable and brown. Utterly disgusted doesn't even cover it.
Not to be mean but I   d say this is Probably up there with one of the top 5 worst McDonald   s I   ve gone to and I find that funny because it   s a McDonald   s, my standards really are not that high. I ½ï
I like the food here but I can not stand that manager Franklin. I've gotten a degree in psychology and he displays so many abusive traits. He was so badgering to a few of his workers. Also a male and female worker were hugging and being unprofessional. I could only read the female's name tag and it was Stacy. Please be careful with who you promote as manager. I won't come back, unless I hear about a change in management.
The staff was slow getting orders out that were taken in the lobby and they got at least 3 people's orders wrong while I was there waiting for my #2 breakfast combo for literally 15 minutes
Fries were cold and I ordered a Large size ($2.80+tax) that was only filled half way. I asked them if they could please fill them up and she literally put just a few more on top and when I stood it up it was just a little over half way now. They wouldn't even pass the edge of the front part. When I showed it to her she got annoyed and closed the window. Very rude employees
I get about half a box of fries every time i go. Its really frustrating how stingy they can be with french fries. I order a large and get less than a small. Also I'm very upset with the price changes of already overpriced trash.
Just left,  was hu gry , got home and my quarter pounder is raw !!! The nuggets were old and cold , really?? Had to.just throw out and make a sandwich.  My 6 year old wasn't happy , she wants all week for her nuggets.  She gets a 6 piece and shares the 20bpiece with me.
I no longer will be going to this McDonalds on my commute from San Antonio to Kerrville once or twice a week . I was there today , and this is not the first time its happened, I ordered one thing and receive something not even close to what I ordered. I'm always in a hurry so I forget to check the bag. I ordered a grilled chicken sandwich combo and when I finally was able to open the bag and opened the container I had a bacon cheeseburger with onions on it, not happy. Also the tea is never the same its always way too sweet are not sweet at all .  I did call the manager this time because I was fed up, he acted like he didn't even care. I would not recommend this McDonalds.
Just too much in a little bitty area need bigger lines and some type of space I get in side a convince store but it's still alright
My kid's happy meal didn't get a drink nor toy.
It doesn't seem to matter what time of the day you go here, it is always going to be a 15-20 minute wait to get your food and that is after you have ordered. It's another 5-10 minutes to wait to order. It seems that they focus solely on the drive-thru versus the counter.
Love how friendly and quick they are.
"Was not very impressed with this location service was awful 2 people in line ahead of me wife used restroom took my place in line I used the restroom came back waited close to ten more minutes for our order to be taken mind you only three customers we ordered two 20 piece nuggets fry   s and drinks CHECK YOUR ORDERS HERE!!!!!!! We got a fish sandwich,fry and a big mc ours was not only order messed up they had perfect scores 3for3 wrong then when we dig get the nuggets they were still frozen inside and had to take them back staff just want to draw a paycheck but not do anything and have how dare you attitude when you bring things to their attention never did get my food finally had enough and walked out

I will make this "
Working in the field with vehicles that fit the drive thru the manger was kind enough to help me out. not to many restaurants in the area plz be in charge real cant get away from the job site. Thank you sir. really apriciate it. Was starving.
When I was there a manager named Franklin was very unhelpful and rude and I wish I could just give him 0 stars!! He was even humiliating his workers. As a person of virtue, I can not allow this to go unnoticed. All other services was ok but it was just the manager who was the problem at this establishment.
Stop! Abort! Do not drive thru! No lie...we got there and there was a line. One car at the speaker another car and then us. Many cars came after us. 25 minutes we got to the speaker. We were trapped in line. By that time one of us went inside, placed our order and came back just after we reached the speaker. We were seriously going to go over the curb, thru the lava rocks and leave when the 3 cars behind us started backing out. Not even exaggerating. There were 7 cars behind us 5 in front of us. Never has a McDonalds been this slow.
"I have been here a handful of times as I live in the area, every single time the food is old and cold. Drive to the RIM if you have time. I keep trying again bc the location is convenient but never again...
I will say the servers are very nice but what you "
I ordered a double quarter pounder with cheese meal the fries were good but I took one bit out of the burger only to discover the patties were not fully cooked
The McRib sandwich was great and what a deal 2 for $6.  Of course a Mc Donalds stop is not complete without fries.  Got a small order watching my carb intake but should have gotten a medium or large.  Love the fries!
This is a very busy McDonald's attached to a gas station at a very busy intersection. The guy at the register had a very strong accent and was difficult to understand at times....nice, but hard to understand. We were fortunate to sit next to the same guy we just saw panhandling at the intersection.
Slowest service ever. Didn't realize fast food took 45 minutes. If we weren't stuck in a line we should have exited a long time ago.
"Ordered 3 double cheese burger fries combos all were cold,the cheese wasnt even melted Fries were burned and i ordered a 10piece nugget asked for sauce at drive thru and at window when i get home nothing.plus plus i ordered 2 fish Sandwiches also asked no tarter sauce
Cause i cant stand it,they added it on both sandwiches
Usually yall dont fail me but IDK what happen this time."
"Super slow. Trouble getting our order right even after repeating it back twice. Order was right, food that came out wasn't.

Once again with McDonald's, if you must eat here the breakfast burritos are your best bet. And Diet Coke. McDonald's does Diet Coke right."
Yep...a gas station Mc Donald's. Lobby is currently closed (9/19/2020). Good place to stop and empty the family and fill the car on your way west of San Antonio.
"Rejoice in the Lord always: and again I say, Rejoice.
5 ½Let your moderation be known unto all men. The Lord is at hand.
6 ½Be careful for nothing; "
Good like any other McDonalds in the world, but this location like Chic-fil- a here in Abilene  need to do something with the traffic jams they cause!! Franchise owner need to stop by and use the drive thru and feel the Pain!!
Food not always fresh. Found a hair in my cheseburger and hardly ever any fresh sweet tea and staff not real friendly. Just this location Ive been to other McDonald's and no problems.
My favorite thing that I have been getting from McDonalds is the chicken biscuit meal and I add folded egg and cheese that comes with a hashbrowns and a drink which is always half sweet and half unsweet. And it is the best I highly recommend it if you want a hearty meal with meat and "breakfast" food. So I highly recommend it.
This is the worst establishment I've ever been in. Everyone is scrambling around like they are doing something yet nothing is getting done. Stood at the counter for about 8 minutes and no one took my order, or even acknowledged me for that matter..... HORRIBLE!!!!!
They redesigned the inside and it's Extremely Loud and noisy because the children's area is wide open to the area where adults would be sitting and you can't even hear the TV's it's so loud from the kids I will not be eating inside of this McDonald's ever again! Also, felt PUSHED, to use a Kiosk instead of the 2 girls at the COUNTER, why have ANYBODY UP FRONT IF US AARP PPL can't use their services? Never again!!!
Fries not fresh and sandwich was weirdly falling apart. Consistently not a great experience at this drive thru.
Drive thru employee was rude yelled at me because i didnt know about rewards app
Average Mcdonald location. Long drive thru line and they were not up to date with the specials. Received food that tasted kind of old and no customer service
Fresh, hot breakfast and friendly service. Great visit.
No option for pickup no entering the dining room to order. Think about people who are pulling trailers. There is no way to eat here
This McDonalds is pretty solid they are usually quick and there is never a super long line but occasionally they will leave out the sauces for nuggets and it ½ï
Basic McDonald's but clean and staff has always been friendly.
Food is fresh and the service is always in a timely manner. I work in the oilfield so most of the time I have to get food on the go. McDonald's in Pecos will always have my business.
2 stars instead of 1 only because it could always be worse... fries, just warm. Double quarter pounder with cheese, just warm tending towards cold and the meat looked really dark, like I would expect a black bean burger to look like - disgusting. The mayonnaise tasted slighty weird too; I thought it might be miracle whip for a second. Shares a fairly nasty restroom in the hallway between McDonald's and Exxon. Over $8 for this junk is terrible.
Just like the rim location, this place has closed early without any posted signs.  This is becoming almost an everyday thing and the 24hrs is not being followed.  Try whataburger or taco cabana across the highway instead.  Very disappointing to see this over and over again.
Ridiculous service, never been so disappointed over food. I asked for a kids meal 4 PC nuggets and I get a box of mayonnaise. I don't know what kind of people they hire, or what their standards are to work at a fast food place but this is not acceptable.
Its the only McDonald in our neighborhood so there will be a longer wait than other mcdonlds you'll go to.  They hold a lot of school events which make parking very difficult to find.  Other than that the people are really helpful and friendly.
Ordering and recieving was fast and to the point. Doesn't always play out that way but this time at this location it went perfect. No long wait and order was correct. Thanks
Worst McDonalds!  I've been here before and they have always been slow. Tonight was horrible. Only 5 cars ahead of us in the drive thru didn't seem too bad. Wrong! 35 minutes later we finally got our order and of course, it was wrong. Will not be back!!!
Almost bit into this bug! Come on McDonald's really!
When you go to McDonald's you are expecting fast and consistent food. Not the case here. My order came out 16 minutes after I ordered and the sandwich was on the wrong bread.
This location is ALWAYS slow. My order is constantly wrong. The line takes FOREVER. Avoid and go some place else.
"They are always closed ...and no sweet tea after 10pm....and they always say due to maintenance issues....if your having problems just close up.
I won't be back."
The line was very long yet took maybe 5 minutes to get through.  Food was fresh, hot & made to order.
Fast service, but inefficient.  Forgot my boy's chocolate milk with his 6 piece happy meal.
Friendly and clean!  And you have to try the new quarter pounder if you havent already!  I used to always get the chicken sandwich because i didnt care for the burgers until i saw the new quarter pounder sign!
I went to McDonald's for only a drink, 3/30/16 @ 9:40 pm and the young guy at the drive thru was a TOTAL JERK. I wasn't even being mean or anything just wanted a drink. In a one minute conversation he was so rude!! I told him what an a** hole he was being and drove away. Another reason why I don't go to McDonald's at I10&Leon Spring!!!
I went there to dine in and use their free hotspot to look for jobs.The dine in is closed. I went thru their drive thru...the understood my order, gave it to me promptly and wore goles and facemakes during whole process.
Bad service i know we go in to this pandemic and it is rug times,we need to be aware that there is people traveling and one stop for food be more polite to costumers dont make us fill bad for our food we are working and try to help busyness dont be rude to us
Pretty fast for a breakfast rush
This is, hands down, the slowest McDonald's I have ever been to.  I'm not talking one or two times they e been slow -- every single time I come here.  Glaciers move faster than this service.
This is one of the fastest McDonald's in the area despite having only 1 drive through lane. Highly recommend
Just picked up my order of a basket of fries     ½ï¿½ï¿½ï
Ate chicken nuggets which were surprisingly good. I"m picky about my nuggets. Fries sucked. Soggy and no salt on them. Threw them away. Honey mustard sauce was good.
What can I say, it's McDonald's. Food was as expected, however everything cost a bit more then I'm used to from McDonald's.
Order correct, coupon worked, courtesy and thoughtfulness! Convenient to my grandkids house. Yes! Did NOT eat in the car!
girl at cash register taking orders did not know how to do anything let alone help customers.. she said next  so I walk up to the register told her what i wanted and she walk off then helped a person that walk up to counter then walk back to the register and said next customer when I was standing right in front of her and never said sorry for at what can I get you.... somebody needs to train better
"*** Second Amendment Haters here***

If you value your freedom and right to protect yourself, so elsewhere.  They have sign posted restricting guns

Slow service too."
Great place great service great restaurant great food great cleaning services great employees great managers keep up the good work team
"Ordered in a timely manner. Got all orders right.
Food was delicious."
The manager, a young lady, was really nice and fast. The food was freshly made.
Yes I had been drinking and rolled up in an uber at 4 am. I'm a bartender and eat thing like Whataburger a lot.  It was the freshest fast food I have had in years
Everything we ordered was fresh service was good and atmosphere was comfortable.
Horrible drive thru service. 27 minutes and counting
One hour in drive thru at night ridiculous they said they don't do curb side after 10pm ridiculous then don't make us wait an hour for an order of fries
Keep getting screwed on my fries TWICE in a row they were half full and not that fresh.  The nuggets are nuggets.
Menu did not have all the sandwiches it displayed.. in addition  the menu need to remain static so that people  can clearly  make a informed choice
Usually pretty good occasionally they get backed up but all in all a solid location
$3 for a basket of fried that were dry, over cooked, and no salt.  What a waste.  Drive thru and on highway so cannot refund/exchange.
Fake food never gets five stars. I'm always ashamed I took my kids to eat here. Great service not great food
Fast, friendly, efficient.
ýýýýWould you eat at my house if my toilet look like this? ýýýý ýýý
Order was correct. I guess I will have to get used to eating in my car. Drive thru line went quickly.
Quick Service and great location, I always stop there for my apple pie treat to myself! And it's great when dipped into a cup of ice cream!
Either there phone isn   t working or there employ
Drive thru took 20 minutes, order was wrong  fries tasted like they were reheated. Terrible. Skip this place.
Line was a little long, but went fast. Order was correct, food was hot. Not much more to ask for
This is the third time i ask for unsweet tea and i get sweet tea.  They even repeat "unsweet tea" and have it on the screen as unsweet tea. Folks aren't the brightest crayons in the box .
They are very slow and also no dine inn. They also forgot my damn sweet n sour
This location is one of the best McDonald's I've eaten at. I worked there a long time ago and it's good to know it's still being run well enough.
Worst mcdonalds I have ever been too, waited in line AFTER I ordered for 10 minutes to finally get to the food pickup window  once I finally got there I was asked to pull forward "cause my food was ready but the frys needed 2 more minutes" five minutes later i go inside and finally get my meal, that is stone cold.
They got our order wrong multiple times and in the end they did not get it right so they gave us 2 free cookies and 2 free pies
i go there in the morning before i go to work & just get a mcgriddle but every time i go, they aren ½ï
Cold fries, one sauce for 20 nuggets. Like please next time just don ½
This is one of the best Mcdonalds I've visited. The staff is friendly and the management extraordinary. Plus the food is always hot and fresh.
Not much of a McDonald's foodie, but if you're in a hurry and hungry, good for a quick bite!
Lines were long both inside and out. But I went in instead of going through the drive through. I think it was still faster.
Nuggets are never fresh.
Fast, friendly and my go to place for frozen treats! Yummy! The peach slushie is my new favorite.
Everything is dirty. Chocolate milk bottles for kids. Cup holders. Everything. Truly gross experience.
The drive thru does not get in a hurry. It was a long wait however, the girl at the window was very nice and helpful
When using the app you can get some really good deals.
Workers were not so pleasant to be around and my burger was not fresh... I've worked several fast food jobs I made sure freshness was top priority
I'm visiting from Florida and this is the second time try the drive thru and it has been extremely slow. Only for an after school treat.
It's McDonald's. Service was fast and friendly. Can't give it 5 stars because it's McDonald's and unless staff is rude or the place is dirty it's hard to mess up McDonald's
Good McDonald's. Usually get the orders right. Bigger orders just need to check they don't forget anything and of they did they fix it right away.
Ridiculous wait time.  Waited for 18 minutes in line and still no one was moving.  We just drove off.  This is the slowest McDonald ½ï
Got my drinks wrong I was ï¿½ï
Fries were fresh and adequately salted. Friendly customer service.
I waited 24 minutes for cold fries and a lukewarm burger.  I ordered the double swiss large for almost 12$ and I am so disappointed!
Got order wrong. After asking for the right order the server got an attitude and took long to get me the food.
On multiple occasions they forgot to put ordered items in the bag. After third trip I gave up
Staff is very friendly.
Ordered the homestyle chicken sandwich, fries and a strawberry banana shake. It was hot and fresh and good for McDonald's.
The food made me sick and even with a rush they couldn't seem to handle getting drink orders correct.
"Love McDonald's
Still like to get kids meals to play with toys LoL
Plus you can still special order food
Just be polite"
The lady didn't do my order correctly an she got upset when I asked for the correct items
Food was way to greasy like grease dripping of the burger no napkins and fries were old and barely warm wouldn't recommend unless your just starving and on a cheap budget.
No reason the lobby should still be closed. Sign said due to customer complaint the lobby was closed. Was given no other explanation other than that. Will not be coming back to this McDonald's
Worst McDonald's I've ever been to.
Service was fast, however it was not to busy. I think they did a average good job.
It says the drive thru is open 24 hours but it ½ï
Monica the Manager, such a beauty  
Worse McDonald's ive  been too first they get my order wrong make me wait again and still give me the same wrong order
Worst McDonald   s experience. Meat was old and 
Long drive through line. Asked for no onions. still got onions.
Order not correct and long wait this visit and other visits in the past. Food cold and fries taste very old .
"Nathan and Arecella the managers are nice
Love to go there thanks !!
Kyle"
Great service provided during this pandemic. And always great tasting fast food!
Only problem is that the cashier in the morning hasn't learned his job in weeks. Still makes the same mistakes and is constantly calling for help
Love it
I dont really like fast food but they have ice cream cones which I'm addicted to.
Services sucks and food taste old. Works don't seem to know what they are doing.
Was craving a quarter pounder meal
Burgers were fresh but fries and chicken sandwich were dry
When you show up you got to be ready, cause their waiting on you.
Just looked to be a really much older McDonald's, definitely needs a facelift.. food was fine
The food was hot and really good. The service was fine as well
Very slow  don't go unless you want to kill 45 minutes.  People after me we're getting there food before me. NEVER AGAIN.
20 Nuggets for $5 is a classic deal, great for an (extremely unhealthy) night-time snack
Everyone e was very nice and food was ni e and hot!!
Good burgers, great staff quick service
Too expensive for fast food that isnt very good. Not always fresh.
Exactly what you'd expect from a McDonald's. Consistent food, speedy service... the place could use a cleaning, though.
Decent speed today but the fries were barely cooked.
"They hire pot-head teens with no customer service experience. It sucks.

They do t give me the right order or they throw it inside my car and leave. Food is cold, and everything about this place sucks."
Always clean & friendly people
It will always be one of the quickest cheapest places to go, food there is good for the price
Ketchup dispenser empty 2days on a row, napkin dispenser empty, have to ask for napkins to get them. Very, very slow service inside,
It was a fast place to get a burger during our long drive. No waiting.
Albeit the staff was pleasantly cordial, they were as slow as molasses in January
I think McDonalds just need better natural food. This is how we die or get fat like my brother ½ï¿½
Fast, friendly service.  My order amd food were correct.
Very clean, service was fast
McDonald's is classic great for kids great employees good food for sure
It's just McDonalds  not very health choices, they took awhile with  my girlfriend order, over it was Okay experience
Great people messed up orders so rather have the great people with messed up orders really love the people there
Awesome!! crew there was efficient and made my mcflurry extra delicious.
Always slow service from how it takes before someone takes your order to when you food comes out.
Literally the worst location ever. Horrible service. I ½ï¿½ï
ALWAYS  WRONG FOOD ORDER!!!! Never leave without checking your food! Literally open your burger to check it! I ½
Half and half coffee, light and McMuffin. Delicious every time!
Service was slow, attitudes were awful and the quarter pounder was horrendous (the coke was still awesome though).
Dining room closed everyday due to "delta variant".
Normal McDonald's but they always have a long line.
I love their burgers and the drive thru is fast
A big THANK YOU to the guy that made me a special m&m caramel frappe, thanks bud, it was the bomb!!!
Me and my family went to eat and we saw a Roach and the patties were still pink and raw never again
Always courteous, friendly, and accommodating.  Great customer service!
It is what it is. Nothing special. They mess up on our orders frequently and service is sub par at best. But it's McDonald's.
Fast and food, the  cheesey bacon fries were actually good and the cheese lasted to the last fry as well.
Good service but limited seating and "convenience store" environment.
This McDonalds is always killing it, especially when they have that cute blonde girl at the window.
Good food. Hated to see senior citizen coffee went up in price
Only complaint, check your bag if you ordered "extra" sauces... Two is not extra
Dine in is still closed. Drive thru line is always long.
Lowest rating I could give.  How are you supposed to eat a sandwich that has mustard all iver the outside
"Its McDonald's. The nuggets were kinda old, of course the ice cream machine
was still broke. Tea was kinda nasty."
I luv da BIG MAC   , good place 4 da kids play ground 4 dem n dey actually EAT
Bad management they always forget to give you all your food I ½
Special order burger, just right. Yum.
A little slow at times but always with a good attitude.
Pretty good
Lines always long. Never gives you condiments .order always wrong
Great
They Do Not Let People To eat inside for Years now!!! What is going on???
The manger by the name saeid is very good one time they messed up my order and he handled the situation very professional he is very good
Worst one ever! Curb side 30 min wait
Food is always good and they have the best dollar menu.
I took baby yoda  ½ï
They are very disorganized and having customers waiting on orders that they gave away to other people
A little slow in service wait,  food same McDonald's,  clean location
Very quick and food was fresh
Very slow service, inside is usually not cleaned very well.
No refills on drive tru while waiting more than 10 min at window or drive tru
Fast service, clean atmosphere
Quick drive thru. Accurate order taker. Accurate order fulfillment.
Lots of parking. Tasty coffee. Clean roomy restrooms.
Take 13 minutes to get a single order,one of the worst ever
Still dont know how to skip on the pickles
Could use some training the employees camt seem to ever get our order right
In a rush not bad any other time not so good
Friendly, fast service for late night! Color me impressed
Much. They always get my order wrong.
Love taking grand kids here.  Clean and fast service
IT is ALLWAYS hotter than any other "arch" we've ever visited IN & Surrounding town's!
Horrible place,do not go,worst service in McDonalds history!!!!!!
Problems with the order in the drive thru.
The nuggets at the leon springs McDonald's are always fresh and amazing.
"Monica the manger is just plain rude . they need new manger
severed me burnt muffins don't recommend this store it SUCKS"
Good fish sandwich,  thumbs down to new beef patties,  old cow flavor
Good location
Big Mac was covered inside and out with special sauce.  Very sloppily made.
Very slow and half cooked soggy fries
Poor staffing. And had to wait for a long time for our food which was cold when we finally got it.
Loved the biscuit sausage egg and cheese and their coffee
Took over 30 minutes to get food through drive through
It was super crowded..staff kept their cool ..
McRib sandwiches, chicken sandwiches are great. Good people.
A decent McDonalds for the Drive thru. Order what you want and get your food.
was horrible took 30 minutes for food employees slow and still got it wrong
Average as most fast food restaurants in service and cleanliness.
Always good and quick services at drive thru
Terrible!!!! Use old dirty grease!! Food smelt like 20 year old grease  ½ï¿½
It's the place to go and meet people and have so fun
It's Mcds u know what to expect
Orderd a McChicken and they gave me a chicken patty on a muffin
We specifically asked for Ranch but Ranch was not given
Fast service always get what I order.
I only gave it 1 star because there was no way to rate it any less. Avoid this McDonalds.
Long wait and only the drive thru is open
Good place to go, they have a grocery store next to
Mcdonalds needs to be in its own building with a drive through!
y'all guys are dumb!!!! and Trevor Jonas is an awesome hard loving worker!!!
I don't eat fast food much but I like this McDonald breakfast
Got full but iced coffee needed more hazelnut  ½ï¿½
Only drive thru was open due to Covid 19
Very quick and excellent service!!
So very disappointed. I truly wish I could give the rating on this a zero
Never eating here, I like my food with out fly's..
Great place to get a quick bite to eat
They were busy but very courteous.
French fries  ½
Usually great, fresh food!
My burger still had a pulse...how hard is it to cook a burger  ½ï¿½
Good service. Fast and friendly.
My family enjoys going to McDonald's.
the burger i got was cold but the chicken nuggets were scalding
Only car in the drive thru and it took 10 minutes for my food.
Terrible slow service, terrible food ( even for McDonald's)
I only drink the coffee. Have you seen "Super Size Me" FML
Mobile app with curbside definitely a time saver!
Fast, got my 2 grape jellies!
No one was smiling.  Bathroom filthy.  No napkins or ketchup
Average, good coca cola
At lunch time fast and great service
Lol McDonalds gave me a burger that was still raw. Thanks
Love the McRib
Food always cold and always mess up the order
I had a special order, and they got it right... Thank you
Love the sodas at McDonald's ï¿½
This place is as slow as it gets. Service is terrible.
Orders are always wrong.... double check...
Its McDonald's...what can I say? The staff is very friendly.
Nice and clean. Service was quick!
ALWAYS consistent .. always open
My fave for fast!! Great staff
Same as them all!
They need to improve on their listening skills!!!
No open dining yet.
Nice and clean w/ quick service.
Fresh and hot! Great service!
Slow service and as normal my order was wrong
As always consistent McDonaldï¿½ï
High priced. Need  the dollar menu back!
Usual fare.  Very standard.  Nothing changes.
Great place clean and the employees great attitude
Quick breakfast while traveling
Good breakfast.. I liked the small mall with it
It was ok
Excellent service.  Food good.
Poor quality food was served day visited
Speedy service that is what you expect from a McDonald's
Did not recive all my food
Because the food is just so so good
Food took 6 minutes to get out
Only the Drive Thru Window is open after hours
Bothered me that to get a burger with tomato it cost 4.80
For what they offer it's just not worth it
McDonald's is always good
Nothing like a McDouble in the afternoon!
You get what you pay for cheap food means it sucks
Service was a bit lacking, food was average.
Granddaughter loves it so I'm happy  
Typical fast food, pricier than I expected.
Fast even with a mile long line  ½ï¿½ï¿½ï
The food was ok.
Annual reminder of why I don't eat the food here.
ýýýý ýýý
Long wait time in drive thru
Always take long by the drive-thru
Love it!
ýýýý ýýý
Got my order wrong... twice
Excellent service and meal was hot
Staff needs some training on customer service
Very clean place and good food
Ok good wasn't fresh
fast service
Crispy chicken sandwich was delicious
It had a really good service
Amazing fast service fresh food
Awesome service and great atmosphere.
Always have great fries
Employees were friendly and helpful!
Very hot very good tonight
It was just something to eat not a big fan
Fast food
Slowest McDonald's that i have ever been to
The mix fish is out of this world
Filthy bathrooms and a lot of questionable patrons.
Fast and Great Customer Service!
Big Mac attack
Polite and clean and fast food.
Slowest McDonald's I've ever been to
Needs more staff better management
Ok food
Long line at the drive thru
Not open 24 hours.
Fast and friendly
Convenient location with fuel stop
Very poor customer service
Fast, friendly, caring staff
No issues basic McDonald's
"Earthworm burgers?
 ½ï¿"
Great meal in this fast food restaurant.
It's good
Long wait times
Great service thanks McDonald's
Who the hell really needs to review this place.
Incompetent workers and management sucks!
Quick, friendly and no errors
Glad the McRib sandwiches are back
late night, no choice, served a purpose
Loved it
They are fast on service.
Needs better person at window
Can't get the order right
They got it right  
Okay food
No stars i hate McDonald's
It's mc Donald's self explanatory
Great service and great food
Just a RR brake it was clean
Love the mocha frappe
Good, simple, fast food
Good for a fast food.
Pretty fast service !!!
Fast sevice
Just fast and friendly
Good food
Dirty store, slow staff.
Worst McDonald's of all time
Good for quick bite.
At 10 pm, they were closed
Great mcdonalds will go again
Old fries always
Very good breakfast
Was great
Fast and accurate service.
Good food
Fast
It's McDonald's. Not much to say. Lol
Very nice staff!
Great food and service
Love the service here
Not bad
Love it, great service
Super slow service.
Fries, the fries were burned and old
My favorite place, for breakfast
Service very slow..
doesn't sell nuggets
Long wait times.
Lol ll
Slow drive thru
Fast food
Good food
Cold food
Good food
Always fast and convenient
Very slow service
Too much SALT on food
Ok
Do not like kiosk
GOT MY ORDER WRONG!!! 
Great quarter pounder
It is ok..I guess
Good
Service was no good
Don't like it much
One of the better locations
Excessively long wait.
Clean and prompt service
Everyday eating for my kids
Still bad
Fish  burger is the best
Slow.. very slow
I love it
Yummy
Great stop for coffee
Loved it
It's food I guess
Super fast
The grandkids love it.
Food good and good service
It's McDonald's not 5star
Horribly long wait.
Not good support
Prompt orders from Employees.
Great Food  
The service was slow
No big deal.
mc Donald's>>>>
Great food
Your breakfast guaranteed.
Suck too slow
Great
Good food fast
Great
That was fun!
I wasn't there damnit
Love it
Mcchicken  missing chicken.
Its slow food
Fast service!
Good service!
Always fast
Love it
Great food
Amazing
Love the coffee
Fries and a mc chicken
It sucked
Inside closes EARLY!
It's McDonald's....
It is what it is! Fast food.
Love the mcgriddles
Junkfood
Quick service
Great service
Slow and unorganized.
Ok
Great service
Ok
Fresh
Clean friendly
Great
Fast and Convenient!
Great service
Terrible service
Amazing  ½ï¿½
Ok
Good
Boss bought it
Nice
Coffee is good
Great food
Super slow...
Quick Awsome
Great
Great
Always slow
Great coffee!!!
Slow service
Good
Decent
Still McDonald's. .... still good
Let's be real.... It's McDonald's
Good
Good
Great
Fast service
Coffee was bitter
Slow today....
Nice and clean
Fast
Not to bad
Dirty
Could be better
Its was ok
Very clean
not healthy place
Fast & productive,,
Fair
I love McDonald's
Typical McDonald's.
Busy
Fast service
Bad restroom
Okay
Average
Hot fast food
Excellent 
Good snack
It was okay
We made an order to McDonald   s through Uber eats app, we ordered 2 cactus plant flea market with the collectibles, but they didn   t sent to us the toys, the only reason why we made this order and when we called to the Madison & Taylor store, the a
"Just to preface, I'm not a McDonald's regular so I don't know what the norm is for this location.
I placed a mobile order, and when I came to pick up it disappeared into the backroom chaos.  About 10 minutes go by and there were people overflowing the drivethrough and the indoor registers.  I figured I'd just hang out and just check in every once in a while, since I had nothing pressing to do.
Dozens of orders went through while I was there.  Most of them went through slowly, and a LOT needed substitutions since many products weren't available.  The store's CO2 went down, so they couldn't give out soda.  Bottled drinks were being subbed for soda, shakes being subbed for ice cream, lemonades being subbed for tea.  They were trying with what they had, but what an absolute madhouse...  Listening to the regulars in line, it sounds like this has been common recently.

This exercise of curiosity went on so long (~an hour) that there seemed to be a shift change.  Two of the new employees got together and figured out my mobile order.  Apparently, mobiles don't process automatically and need some kind of manual start by an employee - which didn't happen the previous times I asked.  Because of this, I'm sure that this doesn't reflect in their service metrics at all.

The employee that was able to help me asked first for my order number.  The number she was looking for was supposed to be something like '756' or '1691', like you see on your paper receipts.
However, that number is not actually sent to you via the app nor by email.  That sounds like an oversight with mobile ordering, rather than the local store.
After they figured it out, it took maybe 30 seconds to get my food.  Super weird experience."
Normally a 1 score across the board but this last visit was definitely a 5. I assume because there was a manager or rep from the corporate or home offices working. This visit was like I remember from years ago. Hot food, pleasant employees, both order screens taking orders, and it wasn't even a long a** line for the driver thru. Even the intrusive pesky  panhandlers were gone.
The service is lousy. You will sit in the drive thru 10-15 minutes before even placing your order to get a large sweet tea, and then you will wait another 10-15 minutes to get it.  I hate that there's not another one close. If you want to wait, this is the place.
"Good morning, Please tell me if this matters or if I'm being to sensitive or petty or overly concerned. Maybe because I didn't have my coffee this morning.

I patronize this McDonalds in Oak Park every morning. This morning I forgot my wallet. I asked the Supervisor if I could pay them the less than $5.00 breakfast tomorrow. They said so sorry No. I pleaded with this new manager that I'd never seen before. I asked for the manager that I'd spoken with on several occasions.
She refused to see me, and he stated that her response would be the same!!! I asked him what was to happen to food on the counter in front of us. He said it would be discarded!!!!

Seriously, I asked. So, I said that you'd rather throw it away then let me have it, a faithful customer.....So my lesson is now, Thank you for teaching me a valuable lesson. McDonalds doesn't care about my patronizing their establishment and I'm going to seriously break my coffee habit. No more McDonalds from Oak Park on Madison for me.
A lesson well learned, can you believe my feeling was hurt when he said that my breakfast was to be discarded."
ey that boy who was working the front register this morning n the whole day, y'all need to give him a raise     br
Waited in the drive through for 15 minutes to order desert. When it was our turn to order we were informed they have no ice cream, shakes or anything!  
Something about this location as the mobile app and menu boards don't match. Tried to order Two Happy meals with a Combo but app kept saying not available. Ordered Quarter pounder meal and got a big Mac for 25 ½. 2 Regular cheeseburgers and a Medium fries instead. The fries were chewy, without a crunch. Quarter pounder saves this from a 2 star review. Had to wait after giving my pick up number, three other orders left before mine was delivered. Why have an app if it makes you wait longer and 
Very rude charging for sauce when you purchase nuggets really please check your receipt.  Manager  Francisco very unprofessional need some customers service training
They   re selling the Cactus Plant Flea Market without the collectibles   they issue the receipt mentioning the collectibles, but you just don   t get them. If you call they ½ï¿
Customer service sucks.  It's always a long line.  Ordered McDouble with ketchup only they put everything they told me pull up so they can fix and they still got it wrong.  Check your food before you leave.
Crew was a little slow. I had to ask for napkins and water to clean the tables, and they messed up our orders
The staff seem so concerned with meeting their target goals they aren   t paying any attention to the customers or the consistency or correctness of the orders. Cashier wandered off to make a mocha (but forgot to put the mocha in) asked the manager if caramel went in a caramel macchiato. The customers served ahead of me all had somethi
"Fast service...
Clean bathroom...
Good customer service...
Bilingual staff..."
I've tried to go to this location 5 times in the past month, at different days of the week, at different times, and their lobby is ALWAYS closed. I've even tried to call ahead to see if they were open, but no one picks up the phone and the voicemail is full. The new management is useless if they can't even keep the store open.
Quite possibly the busiest McDonald's in the area. Every time I go here the drive thru line is backed up out to the street and the parking lot is full. If you like your fast food not particularly fast, this is your place.
"Fries was cold pop flat was in rush didnt have time to wait
Waited 15 for fresh fish and this is what I got came home cheeseburger not in back went back manager looking at the receipt like I did something wrong ask for fresh fries she refused wrote her name on receipt Leslie the worst customer service ever if I can give it a zero I would"
"Are use my mobile app this morning I waited to hear your associates voice  he say, go on with your order
When I order it, he didn   t asked me if I wante"
never have and ice creams or smoothies and always get the order wrong it shouldn ½
Out of 10 or so customers, I was the only one asked to verify my mobile order number (as if I was trying to steal food) --I was also the only white person...
Food is what is expected, customer service could use more training.
This place has fallen off. all kiosks were down this morning. No one manning the register. One drive thru working
Oh my God I love this place I wish to hear every single day like McDonald's is the freaking best chicken nuggets but then I want to charge them!
I ordered lunch today they only were doing kiosk only and had 10 people waiting in front of me waiting for online orders after I used the kiosk I waited 20 minutes for my food then when I got the food my they gave me iced coffee instead of the frappe I told the worker she claimed it   s what I ordered then got two of the wrong deserts and also didn ½ï¿½ï
McD on Madison in Oak Park, IL. No Shamrock Shake. Unable/ unwilling to come up with the Triple Cheeseburger meal. Had to pay more to have it A La Carte. A travesty. Stay away.
The employees here are very commendable, very fast, attentive and very nice as always! So far this is the fastest serving McDonalds drive thru i have experienced. Courteous employees and going extra mile to deliver your orders, saying sorry when took some time. Service was quick, atmosphere was good, and looks like the employees were trained good and happy in their place. I have been coming to this McDonalds for about a year. I have always had great service and happy interactions with the employees. Hot and fresh Quarter pound burgers are delicious along with their great fries and drinks.
Super busy. But the food is always and Mickeydees good!!!
We are so disappointed in McDonald's now. It used to be very good. Now the service is horrible we didn't get a chance to find out about the food because we had to leave
"OMG. Not only are they absolutely adorable and pleasantly innovative, the new MCDONALD'S PULL APART DONUTS.
THEY ARE LIKE IF HONEY BUNS AND KRISPY KREMES HAD A BABY TOGETHER. Absolutely delicious."
"Every time I go there, there are beggars who will ask you to buy them food, to use your phone or to stick their hands and faces inside your car and ask for money.  I get that panhandling is legal in Oak Park but that doesn't give someone the right to harass you when you're getting food.
Please Oak Park government, make panhandling illegal again; most people who do this get in other people's faces and harass them and verbally abuse them. God forbid one of these people pulls a knife or gun on a customer if they say no.
This location is always busy, crowded with long wait times and half the time the food is cold."
Took an hour freaking plus to get my freaking order !!!! I am pregnant starving and the dumb customer service from Uber eats wanted me to reheat wet cold nasty fries . Unbelievable. And still fighting to give me my money back . They wanted me to freaking get sick and sue probably. Threw it all out waste of Money and time and I ½ï¿½ï
Courteous friendly clean fast Excellence service
It was a genuine mcdonalds except the oGs in there every mornung
It's your standard McDonald's. Food is decent, service fine.
I so    ½ï¿
This is one of the worst McDonald   s locations I   ve ever been to. The morning manager is particularly bad, rude, dismissive, and 
The quality of the food has changed the product entirety.
I just stopped at this McDonald   s for a small Carmel frappe with extra Carmel and a blueberry muffin. There was no cars in the drive thru. The young lady asked if I could please moved to the next window I get there and sat for a little while no one came to the window. I went to the next window there was a woman standing there I said good morning and tried handing her cash. She says we don   t take money here pointing to the Window behind me and walked away from the window. EXTREMELY RUDE. I said umm excuse me   .? Ma   am? She never came back to the Window. Instead someone by the name of Jasmine Ramirez comes to the window instead and insist that I drive BACK to the first window because the employee w my money. How is it my fault that your employee wasn   t at the window? When another car approached the drive through Jasmine then asked what did u order? I explained my order and she says we don   t have Carmel frappes   . I then ask woww why wouldn   t she the employee mention that? She apologized and said the employee just got here she didn   t know    more ex
They have a problem with people soliciting and asking for money. Had a guy with just ripped pants inside (No shirt, or shoes) who approached me and started to size me up IN THE MCDONALDS. Always busy and never a quiet moment. Owner of this franchise needs to actually enforce their solicitation policy before I ever try to come back.
Long white hair on my sandwich. Food was so old I didn't even bother to reorder. I'm dumb for going there when they've never done right.
Excellent food with excellent service!
Please avoid this location at all costs.Not all the employees are wearing masks & gloves, not even hairnets. While in line at the drive through I watched as they handed bags to cars, the drivers checked them out & gave it back, wrong order. Then it happened again, & I was able to see the staff member put the she retrieved from previous customer to the side. When I got to the window for my pickup, she wanted me to take that bag. When I said no, & ask to get the order redone, she wanted to debate this issue, I finally asked for a refund. When food goes out of their possession and comes back from a customer, it   s spoiled & should be thrown out, industry standards, especially in today   s environment. No one here cares about safety, I ½ï¿½
Very slow service. When I was waiting for my food two different customers came in with orders that were wrong. I waited for over 10 minutes just for 1 McChicken sandwich  
Sometimes the service is good sometimes the service is bad. Sometimes you'll get your correct food sometimes you don't get the correct food you ordered. But one thing is for certain they get their money EVERYTIME. I'm tired of the some timing so I will not come back.
Fast food movesca bit slow. Which would be fine if my fries and sandwich were hot and got my order correct. Disappointed I had no pickles on my chicken sandwich which was not even warm and fries cold and waxy! Very disappointed.  Busy can become unbusy.
If you want your order wrong, this is the place for you. I've been here at least 5 time's and almost every time the order is wrong.
This location is iffy at times because they have a high turnover rate and always training someone new. Hard to really have any continuity when u have all new workers every other week
Fast service ,  some time  hot food ï¿½ï
They can be very slow when you go inside to order but the they focus more on the drive thru then the people inside! But overall it's okay and maybe it depends on the day that you come..
"This McDonald's is in Appleton, Wisconsin,not Oak Park.
The food is not what it use to be...the fries tasty liked they were cooked in old cooking oil. They were cold as well. I was very disappointed with this meal. I went back in and told them ,I saw around 7/10 orders of fries sitting under the heat lamp. I told the employee ,I will wait for new hot     ½.When she gave them to me and I tasted them .They were Hot! However, they sti"
What a waste of a good location. No cashier's and broken kiosks. Just forget about it.
Be ready to wait!!  It's a McDonald's so you know what to expect in regards to the good. The problem at this location is the speed of service, since about April. In April they changed to drive thru only and have since added carry for those willing to walk in.  Both the drive thru and in person wait are constantly long. Most recently I went there for a Big Mac meal and it took 5 minutes before I could place my order with only 2 people ahead of me and then waited 7-9 minutes for my order to be done. I did see 2 people that ordered after me, get their orders first, and neither was a smaller order.
Shoe store was nice and clean all the shoes are in place customer service was terrific the problem that I have is that it does not go up to size 12 and dress shoes for women
The area's are clean. Nice natural light comes thru the skylights by the fireplace. Plenty of seats by the fireplace to plug in a device. Refills on soda. I've been here twice so far. Each time the people working the counter were organized, quick & cheerful. Truly a treat when you get your order taken this way, twice. I'll be going here monthly & hopefully the staff stays this way.  
How hard is it to give a complete order. It   s not rocket science!!! Iï¿½ï¿½ï
The experience was just okay and I was not impressed today. The Dr. Pepper tasted water down, fries was not filled to the top and the 6 piece happy meal is extra and not included if you use the buy the combo get happy meal free coupon. Even though it's included in the options when ordering on the mobile app. Doesn't make much sense to me.....
The kids love them
They've gotten my order incorrect three times. I normally order the same thing all the time: two steak and cheese bagels and a mango smoothie. One time they gave me two sausage bagels. The next time they gave me two sausage bagels with egg and cheese. The third time they gave me two steak and cheese bagels with egg. When I tried to call the number on the receipt, it goes to some corporate number who never returned my call.
Average McD's. Small. Drive thru was jam packed so I went in and almost walked out without ordering. Dining section roped off Front area needs cleaning.  Otherwise,  in and out in under 5 minutes.
rude, slow, and can ½ï¿½
This used to be the best location for the freshest food but it clearly is not anymore. My nuggets were over done and I had to pour my drink out twice because it either tasted like pure syrup or water and I had to settle for something I didn't want to drink. Also how do you ask the customer what kind of sauce they want and STILL don't put it in the bag and got the nerve to catch an attitude when I ask you for it. I won't be going back to this location.
Use the app for deals. This location is clean, and orderly. Service is polite and orders are accurate. What more would you ask for? A happy meal? They have those too.
Sorry! The previous review for this McDonald's was actually for Al's Grill . This McDonald's is on Madison across from the Oak Park Police Station. It is very popular and the drive through is always busy and packed.it is only a couple blocks from Chicago far west Austin neighborhood,  but in Oak Park, a relatively safe and attractive suburb.  The fast food is like the other McDonald's,  good to you, but not necessarily good for you,  LOL. Prices are good too.
Great food and service
Long lines but that's McDonald's for you, when they are selling crack I mean two all beef patties with special sauce on a sesame seed bun. The problems lies when you have a big order at the drive through. You must hold the line to make sure you got everything you ordered because you dont want to have to go inside or go through the drive through again. Quite a dilemma.
Ordered my food. Just your typical McDonald's.  The special orders were all correct. Slight wait and the manager gave me two free holiday pie desserts for the hassle. Excellent customer recovery and service.
One of my favorite McDonald's. Always clean, courteous and friendly. Good  ½ï¿½ï
"This place is the worst and we come here twice a day and don't know why....

I always get our food wrong every time no matter what.

The people running the speaker and the drive-thru menu do not know the product nor the day engage correctly with correct language.

Not only do they not give me two extra milks today but they also spilled coffee on me in the Drive-Thru!

Not coming back..."
My cheeseburgers from my #7 were not put in the bag and I didn't realize until I got home. And no one answers the phone.
Employees too busy window licking to get any order correct.
This place hasn't had the tenders and fish sandwich for a minute. They say they ran out but it's been a while now. That or they forgot to remove paper from drive thru. What ever. I like eating here it's cozy. Has a fire place and over all nice. Employees are your average 21st century customer service type, horrible.
I so missed this place since it was not serving breakfast during the early onset of the COVID-19 Virus.  Could not wait to grab me two sausage biscuit sandwiches yesterday when I stopped in and due to not having one since March 2020.  Still great sandwich and fast place to eat for a quick bite.
Went through the drive through and had poor customer service. It was late at night (10pm) though, so I understand. Also the wait was 15+ minutes for my order while others were churning through. Lesson learned: chicken tenders take time.
I thought It would be nice to stop at McDonald's because I dint want to cook today place my order the young lady that took my payment was nice and friendly but the person that was handing the food out had an attitude problem I asked for a cup holder and she looked at me like I stole something and when she handed my food to me she act like I was disturbing her so I will not go back to that McDonalds no more 111 west Madison Street in oak Park I'm sorry her day going bed but you chose to work there I did not force you to work though that's the career path you chose and my fries are cold and old dint want to drive ba CV k lesson learned they lost a customer
Too many flies in the kitchen. Poor food, and a sloppy looking man who supposedly managed. Did not notice filthy cup handed to me for drink. An awesome employee noticed and gave me clean cup. Dirty restaurant, poor management, great woman supervisor.
Need help there service is very slow and when ordering a shake there machine is not working 15 minutes for a quarter pounder fry and coke
The bacon cheese fries were cold and there was just a bit of cheese sauce on top leaving the bottom fries dry and hard. My daughter purchased a Dr. Pepper that taste like carbonated water with just a bit of aftertaste. We went through the drive-thru and it was very busy, so wet just ended up tossing most of it.
If I were starving and this McDonald   s was the only restaurant for 100 miles....I   d take my chances 100 miles away. I experienced awful customer service, cold food, improperly trained employees and terrible 
I used to work here. Last Wednesday, I ordered an unsweetened tea no ice. When I got home, there was ice in it, but I let it slide. This time, I ordered the same thing, but this time it's a sweetened tea. I mean, the short time I worked there, I was in the drive through window taking orders since I was the most efficient there out of everyone and had the most enthusiasm. These last 2 trips have been misfires compared to past trips. Note that I go through the drive through after 11pm when it's not busy at all, so there's no reason to mess up an order with 2 items or less.
It's a nice building with Frank Lloyd Wright inspired designs. They rarely seem to clean the tables but it's fine for take out. Expect to get hit up by a beggar at the doors or even inside the restaurant.
Slow on service(Drive Thru) but excellent food/ drink service
I can tell the manager had great energy. Point is she needs to hire people that look like they want to be there. Clothing dysfunctional, discussing issues with other customers...hair messy np caps.  In other words I'm not loving it!!
Food is good but the smoothies always taste like coffee. I dont think they clean the blenders between rinses. But its always been pretty fast service.
This McDonald   s on Madison in oak park have very Rude Mangers She gave me the wrong order and got mad cause I give it back and Not on top of that th
"This particular McDonald's is about the best I've ever been to. I normally go through the drive-thru at 5:30 in the morning, along with numerous of other cars, and there's never a long wait. I'm normally in and out the Drive-Thru,  ( With my food and beverage ) in about 10 to 15 minutes tops!! My coffee, cheese, biscuit, egg and steak seemingly, is always waiting for me good, and hot every morning. In-fact everything that, I've ever purchase from here, has always been good. ""Oh! And I must say that the employees even at, 4:30 in the morning, are always pleasant, polite,, and friendly. And that really helps me, jump start my day!
""Thank you McDonald's I'm loving it"""
No one had any gloves on and there were about 4 hands in my bag touching my food
Mcd, charges an arm and a leg for the food and it's starting to taste like it's been under an arm and a leg. Buns are harder than a rock. I got a fish fillet and had to throw it in the garbage. I got a biscuit sandwich earlier and the bread was too hard. I had to throw it out. Don't get me started on the hash browns. Check your food before leaving to see if it's edible. You give them good money and they give you good garbage.
I am a sweet tea addict, so I see these employees daily. Many of them greet me by name, most of them know my order, and they are all excellent employees. I appreciate them every day!
I ordered a hamburger and when I unwrapped it, there was no ketchup, or anything on one side. The other side had a dab of ketchu, mustard, 1 pickle, and a sprinkle of onion! It was good though! Very spacious and cozy!
Trifling put Big Mac sauce on my Deluxe chicken sandwich 
It took very long to get the food and they also didn't even know what most of the McDonald's app was.
Would give it less stars if I could! I purchased my meals via the McDonald's app in order to save some time when I arrived and pulled into curbside parking slot #4 and entered it into the app I received the message that this store is currently closed, which it was not! So I had to wait in the drive thru lane almost 15 minutes only to have the cashier charge my account twice, then had to wait roughly another 10 minutes for the manager to appear only to tell me there is nothing she can do about it and I would have to contact the app department.
Sorry, there was a time when you could whiz thru the drive thru with no problem! Now you need a translator, for five minutes we're trying to clarify tea & cheese!!!!
Teach your employees basic math. I'm relying on delivery services because of the COVID outbreak closing everything. Unfortunately that means I'm stuck with what I get. I ordered 3 hashbrowns, and received 1. Did you know, that 3 means there are 2 more hash browns than 1? Amazing fact, isn't it? It's something you should've learned in pre school. On top of that, they gave me no receipt. I have no proof of this. Maybe it's in your computer, but I demand a refund since I can't get one with the delivery app, and maybe pick up the phone as I was calling this McDonald's about this over and over. Thank you.
Management sucks, sent someone home, claimed he wasn't doing anything but he was assisting me with an order. I had two different ordered and got refunds on both. Two thumbs down for Erin
It's not what it used to be. There longer waits in line and the service isn't really all that great. They're sometimes understaffed because that people are overworked or not paid enough. However it does serve the local community and passerbuys. So it is good for something.
Long line at the drive through, but it moved super fast.  Very friendly staff. My order was correct and the food was hot.
"Drive thru is very slow
Went inside and they are slow didn't give fries with happy meal"
Sometimes it's a hit or miss with the food.  Undercooked fries or fish.  Luke warm food, beverage cups not filled up, 3/4 fries in the package.  But, they will correct it with no problem.  The attitudes are always A++.
Open till 1 AM? Change your posted hours or stay open till you say you will. Went at about 12:15 AM and said they were closed.
This McDonald's food is always fresh  ½
Attention Veterans. This location doesn't participate in November 11th Veteran's Day discounts. The employees and Manager didn't know what that meant. McDonald's headquarters is nearby, it's on the news, and it happens every year. You will learn today.
"Old hard fries clogged toilet
Room temperature burger
Sticky dirty tables
Garbage on the floor no hello
no thank you surly robots
Clogged toilet no hello"
I remember coming here as a child in between church services. We got a chance to play in the Playland. Brung my son here to share the experience.... it's not here anymore. There was nice upgraded layout. Upon walking in there was this foul odor of something similar to medicated human feces.
They never have fruit punch for kids and i can never get a carmel frappe im just going to start going to another one im disappointed everytime i come here
Don   t like fixing orders becomes very rude even the manager  but does make thing I ½ï
By far the worst McDonald's in the world! The staff is impolite, the wait times are ridiculous, they get your order wrong often, someone is always outside begging for change, food rarely fresh, they often are out of things, there's never an apology for your experience. Stay away at all cost!
The food was not fresh. The fish sandwich was refried and burnt. Bad service. The young lady at the window had the nerve to have an attitude when I said something about the food.
Extreme long drive thru wait order food and Uber eats took a hour plus
"Service was horrible. I will never go to that location again. Madison near Cicero.
Took 30 mins to get a hot tea. Worke4 had an attitude . I kept being nice i didn't  What her to spit in my water. It was ridiculous I will never go to that location again"
Completely serviceable. Not the best, but not the worst location by far. Could use with a few sectors hands keeping the tables clean. But food is hot and fast!
McDonald team work fast and efficient very few McDonalds have short line they get the job done Thank you Mary P
Staff was friendly and order was correct. You guys made my nieces very happy, kids are crazy when they are 'hangry'.
They never have anything, their customer service is horrible. It was never to me but everytime I'm in there their employees are continuously rude ...even management on more than a few occasions I've seen this occurr now i uave encountered nastiness and professionalism on that  part coming from a manager at this location. Correction this is for the Mc Donalds on madison and lavergne not the Oak Park location, they are far better!!!!
This is the worst McDonald's that been. Usually it really dirty.  The service is really terrible. And my experience today was. Really bad because the employees messed up my order and when i  call back instead helpings me the person who answer she just hanged me up. I tried to call back they just pick up the phone and hange up.
Wrost McDonald's Ever! Ordered here thru ubereats and got another person's order delivered to me.. tried calling several times.. literally no one will answer and this is not the first time I tried called..its ridiculous!
I'm only giving them 4 starts because the corporation sucks! But I've always had great experience with the employees!
Get your act together. ..order my food .get total .pull up to window and they say you are supposed to pay at first window..Nobody was there ..the cars in front of me didn't pay there...maybe they all got free food.   I just left
Currently under construction so done in is unavailable. Despite having crew members outside to run orders, the drive thru is frequently backed up into Madison Street.
It's McDonald's...literally no more, and not one iota less. We all need a reliably bland, calorie-rich meal from time to time.           Ronald Mac - I salute you.
I had a problem wirh my order over 3 eeeks ago ..called and left a message ..and no one has responded back to me..
Teenagers rudely upset my evening there.  They were disruptive, loud, and disrespectful and staff said nor did anything.  One customer spoke up and they finally left.   Will be taking my food to go moving forward.
I enjoy going to that McDonald's because it is always well kept up in my opinion.. The staff is very nice... The surrounding is comfortable and even the customers are even pleasant.. If you are older and want to go for a nice friendly hang out in the morn that is the place to meet new friends.. IN MY OPINION...
Food was good.  Check your fries prior to leaving.  Mine were cold.
Was busy but service was nice. Touch menu needs update couldn't order my Frappuccino with extra caramel  ½
Ok,today.worker need to be friendlier. THEY NEED TO PLEASE GET MY ORDERS RIGHT. THEY KEEP GIVING ME THE WRONG ORDER.I START CHECKING AT THE WINDOW AND THEY STILL GET IT WRONG, THEN GET A ATTITUDE. WOW.
Love my restaurant
Inside not open when 5 people in there handicap person needed to restroom very disrespectful
Bad Manager who supervise this place because they care more about the Drive thur than the Customer inside, they have one Register open with 7 or 8 people in line during peak hours after 5pm.
We where in the drive throw line for over 20 minutes. That's just way too long
Slow service employees in the back using bad language leaving customers waiting to order
Mc Donald's needs to give its name a goooooo. This was terrible and dry. The food was room temperature.  I have burgers, fish sandwiches, chicken sandwiches fries and drinks . It was all terrible!
The waiting 9:15 till 9:48am
This is my spot on the regular.  Tonight they shorted me three orders of fries and sometimes the sweet tea is too sweet.
Cheap, fast and efficient. Not to bad on the road but your body might not forgive it you
Papa papa I'm loving it
Every time I purchase a large sweet tea it's  unsweetened  when I purchase the double quarter pound sandwich it's  a single please correct or I will go some where  else
My Best experience is me walking in and seeing the staff smiling face waiting to take your order. Saying GOOD MORNING beautiful may I help you ½ï¿½
The place is clean, they mostly get your order right. Serve us fast. But it can be really crowded.
Good!
I've loved this place since I was a child. I miss the play place. They need to make them everywhere as a requirement. I am glad they brought the happy meal boxes back :)
They can handle a custom order, but the wait time is usally longer than it should be at this location.
Drive thru lone is always long but they are efficient in getting everyone in and out
Requested sweet tea no ice and got home and had to add sugar to the tea because the clerk gave me a tea without sugar!!
This store always forgets something when you order to go. It is so frustrating to get all the way home and not have salad dressing for your salad, or they forget to put the juice box in your kids happy meal!!!!!!!
Always messing out the orders and real slow at rhe drive thru
Don't have to wait for a long time the walk up line was fast and my order was right the first time.
Service was fast friendly sandiches were but breakfast burritos were not fresh and not made well when they were fresh I'll avoid getting those from here but everything else should be ok
The few times I visited line was super long, will not be returning
Why hide them less than 5 . You've been in my life forever. Great place. Great management.
Cause it's a nice place to take your kid's and sit down and hold a commersation and let them talk and the food is good to all of us
Poor quality of food and always have ppl begging at the window
It's McDonald's. However very nice service at this one. The manager did 2 table touches! Love the $1,$2,$3 value menu for lunch!
Can ½ï¿½
Nice, but make sure you check your order they always make my coffee order incorrectly!
The dining area was dirty. No straws or napkins available. Crispy tenders were undercooked
Friendly customer service through drive thru service was great. Friendly, pleasant staff, offering fast service as well.
Very friendly workers and they move pretty quickly too. Clean inside & outside. Lighting outside is good at night as well.
I love this place.  I go here often.  They have booths.  Even though u r in the public, u have privacy.  The staff are courteous and quick!
The dining area is always closed and the drive-thru is very slow
Just Mickey, got a kid meal. The only thing I hate about this est. too many pan handlers allowed to beg in front of the doors.
They are friendly, but do not go at the wrong time it gets super busy.  I have had to keep going more times than I can count.
Wish there was 0 stars because they would get it served me a raw double quarter pounder not pink raw  Too many dam young people with no manners working there  French fries always taste like chips I'll drive to rock and roll before I go here and I live in Oak Park
Absolutely horrible service. You have a better chance of winning the Illinois lottery than the employees getting your order correct.
Hard cold tear your teeth out French fries. Horrible!
Most have no idea the historic significance of this McDonalds.  Back in the 60's ALL McDonalds restaurants were drive-ins....meaning no indoor seating.  You ate in your car (or standing outside).  Oak Park had an ordinance that stated "no drive-in restaurants" but Ray Kroc (founder of McDonalds wanted a McDonalds in his home town).  So in order to get approval to be built, THIS very McDonalds,  agreed to install stand up (hi-top) tables inside so technically you could eat inside.  It was to my knowledge the first McDonalds ever where you could sit inside and eat.  As I recall, it opened in/around 1966 or so.  It was a VERY big deal around the area.
It a nice and clean place their in oak park McDonald's. I lived their for over 15 years and never had any problems
This is the worst McDonald's with the world's largest potholes CAUTIOUS when entering the property it's ridiculous they can't fix this, I'm surprised the Village of Oak Park  has not done anything about this it's a huge safety hazard. Shame on you VOP!!
The sandwich was terrible. The meat wasn't cook all the way
You know the menu and there is a burnt out Jeep in the lot. So that's fun for all ages
The morning manager is rude @ the Roosevelt & Central location in Chicago.  I don't want her to lose her job, just fix her attitude & smile more!!!  I wait a little too long sometimes.
Someone is going to get hurt or killed coming here or passing by! Right across the street from the Oak Park PD yet lines are out in the street in Madison and people do not watch when pulling in or out! FIX IT!!!
I love McDonald's forever and a day the main ones is on central and roosevelt and central also the one in oak park around my area
It was good. They had the lunch menu's up. But not serving lunch yet. So needs to not put that up unless they are serving lunch
T0day @ 2:25pm  I ordered a sausage mcmuffin, I still not gotten it @ 2:50 pm. I requestes my money back then left.
Worst service.  They messed up my order and it was MY fault!! Everyone needs to loose the attitude here, after 4-5 bad experiences here; not coming back!
One of the best McDonalds near Chicago, Fresh Food!
It's McDonalds. The staff are cool, but like, it's McDonalds food, it sucks and is horrible for you. Staff are cool tho, and I think their ice cream machine works, MAYBE.
My mc chicken is really hard and burnt
It's open and available early mornings when I get off work. Breakfast is hot and ready with no waiting...
Idk know why but McDonald's just don't taste like McDonald's anymore
Bees were all over the place could not evn reach hand out window to pay for food and then fries were cold. Just terrible
How's the food is hot in the fries are delicious and most of my very respectable staff that is
McDonald's has Icee's (I love the Coke Cola and Cherry mix).  The employees are very nice and friendly.
Just ordered a frozen coffee drink - quick service
After a long day I came here to buy a sandwich which took me about 40 minutes waiting in drive through Line and after 40 minutes they gave me a cheeseburger WITHOUT MEET !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! And cold fries this store is terrible I 
I went there to get a strawberry shake for my husband and he said it was fabulous
McDonald's is McDonald's they're famous because every restaurant tastes the same good quality fresh & hot drive-thru experience
Courteous service and good food!!!  It was not a long wait in drive-thru.
Very crowded drive thru but processed in fast and friendly manner.
Food was hot and tasty. No long wait at all!
Very unprofessional never get your order right and always have an attitude
When the owner is there this McDonald's runs like clockwork but when he's not there service Lacks long wait times sometimes total chaos drive-thru is not too bad but when the delivery truck shows up it can be a headache
"Asked for fresh cooked strips, I got them they were were good
with the honey  mustard sauce."
Good food but service speed leaves a lot to be desired.
Very very slow drive thru
I love visiting this location because i never had a problem with customer service
They are very quick and very nice! The drive thru went by very quickly
Entrances are not marked clearly, after I park oh, I had to walk all the way around the building to enter and pick up my food
Very fast and fresh I didn't even have to reorder!
Purchased breakfast at oak park location good service very courteous go there frequently.
When I asked to get my meal FRESH they did not while they said they did.  All my food was cold.
I have to wait for a coffee to be Brewing for 20 minutes rather than that everything it was scream really good
French fries hard as a rock.
Manager very unprofessional period I see why they always need help know one want to work under her
Breakfast was great. Hash brown not greasy, McMuffin was soft and fluffy.
Slow service and they always forget something you ordered. Very poor service.
Line was extremely long in drive thru, it took 30 mins to order & additional 10 to get my food
Strawberry cream pies are so tasty. This is one of 2 locations that carry it.
I waited 30mins to get my food and they didnt put my 10pc nuggets in the bag smh
Order was wrong at a high price, personally I don't eat their and would not in the future.
Quick friendly service. Food is nice, hot and fresh.
Prices are very high I don't think I will ever go back
Food good and hot ,served was fast thru the drive thur
Well organized accurate and friendly but they are very busy so prepare to wait
There place look dirty and when I ask for ketchup all the packages were smear with something sticky that look like honey barbecue.
My fish sandwich was fix the way I like so I have no problem with McDonald.
Reminds me of when I was a child and my mom would take us to get happy meals.
Cool for the kid of mine
Poor service, no hair net covering hair and no gloves. I witnessed one lady fixing a Customer order of nuggets with no gloves on.
Waited VERY lon on a Drive through order and the foid was burnt. I Was hungry and in a hurry
Good hot food served quickly, kinda pricey!!
Horrible they messed up my whole order and. Had to give me a refund. And they over charged me
People ain   t wearing GLOVES or MASK giving you your 
I only went cause my dad wanted to go. I don't favor fast food
some "hood" mcdonalds take too long 30 minute wait to even order your food.  food is pretty quality though
This time the service a little bit slow, but their effort was good and they tried hard. .
Most of the workers here are incompetent humans
This McDonald's has a stunning reproduction of an 18th century spoon collection in its back parlor.
I use the mobile app I've just pull up and park in the spot five minutes later I have my food
I'm not usually a fan of McDonald's, but this location had good food. It was also clean and the staff were friendly.
Order fresh, they give you old
Fast don't mean already sitting and waiting. Fast but hardly fresh
The quarter pounder was delicious and my fries were fresh and hot.
Very Quick Service's And Food Always Hot.
Friendly staff...food good
Great customer service need more staff to clean lobby.  
A guy there looked into my bag, asked me to confirm my order and somehow the wrong order was still given to me.
To long to make customer orders
Doesn't agree with me much anymore. Not the same McDonalds quality from my childhood
Everything is ok, but there Southwest Salad and Sauce is off the Chain
Bad service and received the wrong food.  Would never go to that McDonald ½ï¿½
Slowest Mcdonalds drive thru ever. Im currently here while typing this review.
Unless u got a half-hour to spend in the drive thur.  Go for it .
i ordered a bacon egg and cheese biscuit  but they forgot to put a piece of bacon on my breakfast sandwich
Is anyone else having difficulty getting through when they call because for me I called so many times and they never pick up
Service can definitely be better.
On my way back to texas... its amazing passing through here .
The food was fresh and the service was fast and friendly!
Food was good and hot. Service was okay.
So slow for fast food. Half hour in the drive threw.
I was waiting couple minutes anda no body take my order,  the was inside with cigarrete????
McDonald's is a great place I just don't eat McDonald's food I don't eat meat and if I was I would eat McDonald's great place to come
They got my hamburger order wrong after having repeated it 2x to them its just ketchup on a plain hamburger but they put onions n mustard on it
The service was good and I enjoyed my food.
Very slow, only one cashier, drive thru and lobby were backed up
Food was not hot nor fresh
Had to charge my cc three times because lady can't take an order
Good service great prices
They pretty good the only McDonald's I go too
The food was not great and they don't sell double hamburgers!
Soooooo dirty...not 1 clean table and the restaurant was empty!
Something will always be wrong with your order. 20+ years n has never gotten it right on the first try.
Customer service is Horrible how do you forget to put the hamburger on the bun. REALLY.
A little bit slow, I have been to much faster McDonald's
I needed to see something like that on a day like today. God is so awesome
The new battered chicken nuggets are good. The tables in the restaurant need to be cleaned.
Even at a busy time, service was still good.
To slow food wasn't hot you pay for extra still don't get it no hair nets to
Love it!! And its within walking distance.
I order from my phone soon as I get there my order is already ready for pick up.
Its OK, just like any other Mickey D's. Sometimes good- Sometimes bad..
The service is awful and the order is wrong more often than it should be
Food is sometimes exactly what you ordered, and that is completely annoying.
They had what I wanted (egg biscuit) and it was good
Store Manager Elizabeth She Banned Me For Something Stupid Which I Don't Understand Her And I Think She's Petty
The full was expected but there are drive-thru had a difficult setup
Good food and great service
Refused to give me water on a hot day
It was pleasant clean and the service was off the chain.
Staff is rude. Im done.
Sandwich Lukewarm,clients are loud and children noisy. Will not return to that location
Really slow service inside
Been coming since I was a lil guy at Longfellow.
Nice to cook fresh fries!
The manger have smart mouth she going to say something to wrong person someone going to pop her in her mouth.
Randomly closed on a Monday night
The one in oak park and 87th Southside food always fresh
Nice's Clean And Fast Drive Thru Service's
Had a rude customer ahead of me in the drive thru.
No cars in the drive thru was great like 1,2,3
Very friendly service, place is decently kept.
Never get my order correct
The food is cold and I continue to get the wrong order.
under  construction (lobby is closed) long lane at the drive thru
Aye bruh of yall dont know what McDonalds is you lost. Its like not having god
Nice clean place. No static. Peaceful
Great customer service good food
I love McDonald's breakfast sandwich steak breakfast sandwich
Enjoy dropping off a friend to get something to eat
Nice and clean and the employees are very welcoming
Long line nasty attitude.no I will never go yhetd9 again
Jus go 4 the drinks im 35 out grown the food
The place it clean and they check your food before it gets to you
Bad no customer service is terrible
Hot food but long wait but worth it.
This location is friendly, fast and fresh!
Great service each time I visit  
The only Mc Donald's I will ever come to
Slow drive thru and food wasn't hot
Very busy place. No soda was available when ordering.
It is okay but I think they should start serving healthy food
Service was fast and food was hot!
50/50 when it comes to getting orders correct.q
It Mcdonalds what more can I say !  I would not eat in. Just pick up and go home to eat.
Very slow service and got the order incorrect
Damm deer ran out and stared at me
Fast hot food. My big mac was a little sloppy
They are super slow around this time of day. Avoid!
It's ok
Cold food, terrible workers, why are they still open?
Mobile ordered. Was pretty quick.
Customers  service  sucks not enough  salad
Quick service is always a big plus.
Aggeessive panhandlers in the parking lot, be aware of your surroundings.
Enjoy the variety of food they offer.
Takes too long to get your food.
Fast service and good hot food at this McDonald's ½ï¿½
The food wasn't fresh and over cooked
Deals are great so why not go
"Food was good and hot
I liked it"
Food is fresh and the service is quick
App never works here and the customer service is non existent.
McDonald's is my swag yum yummy and a strawberry shake
The food is fresh, the cashiers are friendly
Fast service n good location
Well run good fast food restaurant.
It was not crowded and very Clean
Exceptionally Pleasant prompt and professional
Great
The kids we're. Satisfied
Apple pies are horrible,go back to the old kind please.
Slow but good service
Great Food Great People Great Price
It is good, for convenient food on the go
Food is fresh very friendly
We got some chicken sandwiches for our boys to eat
Hot fresh n delicious.
CLEAN  AWESOME  STAFF. FRESH FOOD
Great ICE CREAM  CONES
Good food price high
This place needs a deep cleaning.
Food was hot, fresh and tasty.
Really McDonald's is the place to go for you or the children.
Great hot food
Traditional food really really good.
Always crowded. Could be cleaner.
first time eating at a McDonald's.  how long have they been around.
ýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýý
We went here to get some food for our boys
Drive thru moved quickly
Its okay. They tend to take long
"Where are even your employees at???????
Why so little"
Best tenders with spicy barbecue sauce!
The drive thru was quick.
Need better customer service..
They run out of things too much lately.
It was ok, service a little slow
Crazy congested with crazy people just setting on tables
Way to long a wait in line
Its quick and easy on uber eats
Fries on point everything else cooked in microwave
Slow slow slow 1/2hr in the drive thru
They forgot my chicken fingers damn
AWSOME tropical drink
I only get sweet tea
I eat breakfast here almost every day.
Classic Fast food restaurant!
Close too early and then they where rude about it
Very slow drive thru
Service was slow fries was cold
I don't eat there is I don't have to.
Usually a line which is why I knocked off a star.
Nice service never to crowded
Nice and clean and fast with the services
It so nice and amazing
$1 drinks quenches your thrist.
Cold burgers and fries,  and they forgot my bacon
Food also hot & fresh.
Love the frozen cold brew
Me when I real life
Service was fast and efficient.
Better than average McDonald's.
Very friendly. What McDonald's should be
coffee was weak and watered down.  
What can I say. It's fast food.
They serve all night
Fast efficient for a quick meal
Quick service for when u on the run
Just love their oatmeal!!
This location is very slow unfortunately
Slowest service in Oak Park besides KFC
Short wait and free refills on beverages.
Cip when he real life
Way to many beggars on the property
Lines outrageously long with not enough help
My order was never corrected
My husband and I went to the boys something to eat
ITS THE GREATEST NON BETTER.
They were very  rude
Very fast service
I love the Carmel frapp
Smoke house was not bad
Always hot food
Getting food took a little time
Just okay, nothing to brag about
"Drive thru was slow
..."
Hot food excellent service
Good food & fast service!!!
Big Mac!!
Good for a quick meal  . . .
Just a normal mickie d run
Went to get fast food, got fast food
Food was hot & fresh
Good customer service...! !
Thru don't listen
Fast and pleasant.
Fast friendly service
Fast service with hot meals
It's just McDonald's same o thing
Always good and hot
Quick friendly service.
Fast food? Compared to what?
Clean nice staff
Ice Coffee Very Good
Love their service
Never seems to fell me.
Guy at the window needs to be fired!
Great. Portia is the Best!
Fast service ... fresh food
Easy access, boring choices.
Something quick and fast to eat.
Not fresh at all.
ýýýý ýýý
I love the fish sawishes
This is the best McDonalds location
Convenient fast food restaurant.
Always Consistently Good
It's MCD...nuff said
Very Good Service
Cold fries multiple times.
Great
Very nice service
Good food
Very slow with service
Speedy at home delivery...
Service was not great
Fresh fries always!
One cashier that over charge.
There food is delicious
Everything tastes the same
Fast hot food nice worker's
Same great taste
Kids love the nuggets!
Awesome chicken sandwich
Poor customer service
Don't like mcd
Looooove those pancakes  
Coffee was cold food was cold
Good food
Horrible service, and management
Good to go in and out
Hot food
Love the caramel frappe
Always a good buy
Food was fresh.
Good food
Breakfast  ½
Good menu
Mcgriile very good
The slowest McDonald's anywhere.
The service was good
Fast service,  love it
Wasnt open on time
Good service
It's ok
It was hot and fresh
Not good
I love McDonald's
Great food
Good sweet tea
They take to long.
Missing food and drinks  
Fast, and polite 
"Hot Food.
Quick Service."
Love the big mac
It was hot food
food was good  
It's McDonald's, what do you expect.
Service was slow
Just not good
The wait was horrible.
Fast and tasty
Nice
No more sales!
Its ok.
Love the Food
I agree with Omar ASSAAD
Good
Convenient food
Mobile app is down
I'm loving it
It's okay
Good!
Fast and fresh
Fresh as always
Unprofessional stuff
My son Love McDonald's
The bomb
Service was great!!!
Simply the best
Nice people
Good service
Always good
Great service
Meh...
Love it
Good enuff
Love the fries
Love it
Love it
Love it
Smoothies are awesome
Good service
Cold fries...yuck
Ice maker was working
Fish was good
Loving it
No complaints
Fast and accurate
It's McDonald's. What do you want?
Nice experience
Great service!!!
Good service
Good service
Fast
Ok
Quick and  convenient
Deserts are good
Great coffee
Great coffee
Fast and hot food.
Hot and  fast
Ok
Ok
Ok
Ok
Ok
Not a good McDonald's
Superb service!!!
Ok
Great Sundaes
Ok
Quick and fresh
Lobby open
Wonderful
This is a horrible mcdMcDonal
Fast  service
Really slow
Good
Good people
Horrible
Nice
Fast
Good
Good place
It was great
Delicious
Great
Good
Great
Great
Great
Friendly staff
Just cheap meal
Poor Service
Quick
Rewarding
Nice people
Good
Horrible
False advertising
Have what I want
Convenient location
Nice place
Slow in and out
Had to wait
Patient with me
Nothing
Friendly
Slow as hell
Dirty
Coffee
Busy
Lousy service
Okay
Your kind of place
Average
Always
Same as always
Your Basic McDonald's!
Something fast
Excellent 
A Welcoming  Place
HASH BROWNS
Sustenance...
Mcflurry at McDonald's
Dirty bathrooms
Outstanding
Fresh fries
It's mcdonalds
Alright ½
Its a Mcdonalds
McDonald's is McDonald's
It's McDonald's
The best place to go if you want delicious food, good service and speed, I'll be back for sure.
If you want something fast this is the place, fast food emergency only.
I love McDonald's but in this one I have had the worst service of the century
Because it is more practical fast food.
Very good
The service is good
The staff is not very focused on their work.
Hteay
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Terrible
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Poor 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Neutral
Neutral
Fan service and courteous
Good 
Poor 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
just fast food
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Poor 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Poor 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Neutral
Terrible
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Poor 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Terrible
Excellent 
We waited 20 minutes for our mobile order till we went up to a worker and told her we had a mobile order. She walked away without even saying anything and came right back out with our food which was probably just sitting aside the whole time. The fries are old I even took a picture to show. I understand dine in is closed but at least be consistent with your mobile orders and kindness goes a long way, she needs more training.
I repeated my order numerous time and he repeated. Get to the window and review the order and it was wrong. The employee was debating the order and ask to speak to a manager. And to my findings it was another employee that did the same debate. I ask numerous time if he was supervisor or manager and he said yes. False. Ask for corporate number and dumv found. Was asked to pull forward and they wound bring out my order. Four cars passed and I walked onto the store and a white female dressed in store uniform appeared after a wait period to give me the order. In the car, open order. Fries old and burger burnt. Just sad. The order was trashed.
10+ cars in line, no one taking orders, went to the first window and she said she couldn't take my order to go to the next, the next window had a huge attitude and got smart with me saying she can't take my order either and don't know why the first window told me that. So I asked where I should order and she said "not here" and when I asked her again she said to come in the lobby. So I drive around and tried but the doors were locked so I went back to the window again and she took my order, and then I get home to find the crispy chicken sandwich I ordered is just bread, pickles, and sauce. No chicken. Don't even want to waste my time going back. Last time I ordered it I got a spicy mcchicken which is also wrong. Learn the menu, care about your customers. I will not be returning to this location.
This is the best McDonald's I have been to in a long time!   I have 1 across the street from my apartment and I wish I could swap them out.  Service at THIS McDonald's is excellent and everyone that I interacted with was friendly and helpful.  The food actually looked like the advertising and tasted good.  I was so impressed that I asked for the manager so I could thank him and compliment his crew.  I truly believe that managers affect everything about their restaurant,  for  good or bad. Happy, respected employees who feel properly valued always reflect that in their interactions with customers and you could see that this manager was a leader of a team and not just the boss! Great McDonald's experience!
I would usually not rave about McDonald's as we eat there multiple times a week, but the service at this location was head and shoulders above the norm. Elizabeth, the floor supervisor, was amazing. She customized our burgers and figure out the best combos to feed the family. She made sure we had everything we needed and introduced us to strawberry pie.  Highly recommend this location.
I order my food ahead of time online. Only to get there 25 minutes later and it's not even ready. The large fry I ordered was 3/4 of the way full, there was absolutely no ice in my drink, which was a lemonade and tea so it's not like it was cold like the sodas come out of the machine. and they were practically shoving me out the door when I asked for ketchup and salt. By far one of the worst customer service experiences I've had
Disgusting I felt a nasty Baby roach In my bag of food This is an outrage. And this place should be shut down. Try to get it resolved by manager. And just complete disbelief Of the manners this woman had.  Infested With roaches sick/// poor service  Disgusting establishment.
"UPDATE 2021: This is a solid restaurant. My food has always been made to McDonald's standards. They have very busy times, which is in part due to their location on the highway in a restaurant area, but also because they are a solid restaurant. Their curbside service gives you an estimate of your wait, which is appreciated, and your food will be delivered by a friendly employee (an improvement from my previous experience). My only complaint is that it's obvious they make your curbside drink far earlier than your delivery, because they come to you partially melted (see the slush below).

2019:
They identified my "
There's a reason why there's mainly 5 stars and one star reviews for this McDonald's. I will say about 50% of the time it's good and then the other half is horrible. One time I went before breakfast ended. And place my order. Got to the first window to pay for the order and then when I got to the window to pick up my order they told me they couldn't do breakfast anymore. Another time I went inside around 7pm and despite the door being open and plenty of employees chatting and talking instead of working, they said they were drive-thru only currently. Another time the line wasn't that long but took a good 20 minutes to get through and when I got to the window to pick up my order they had more employees inside talking and chatting. There's been a few times some lady taking the order wasn't friendly and kept rushing orders by asking "anything else?"  I will say though that the food has almost always been hot and correctly ordered, that is the only good thing about this location.
After decades of serving families, McDonald's is on their way out. I blame it on the district managers not doing their jobs. McDonald's needs individuals who can read, comprehend and speak English. Today I went there for lunch. I ordered #6 Filet-o-Fish sandwich meal. I ended up with 10 peice chicken nuggets. Hmmmm....I  guess the order taker did not know the menu item or understand when I said Filet-o-Fish sandwich. I quickly caught the error and told the cashier. She said, "So you don't want it?" Then, the manager came along to find out what the problem was. I  explained and received the sandwich. I left and when I  got home, I found out I  had a frosted breakfast pastry in a ,Filet-o-Fish box! Come on now McD's. May we get better service and expect a lot more from you? If not, please close your doors to save the public from the irritation.
"This place is always awfully busy and slow. Not their fault   

But we are very unsatisfied with the treatment received at the drive thru the other day. You don   t call out your clientele for whatever reason especially not in such a blunt, rude fashion. If Ra"
Drove up to lane 1 to place order. Waited to be acknowledged. 2 vehicles drove up to lane 2 while I continued to wait and placed their orders before me. I pulled ahead to the window never being acknowledged at drive thru speaker. When I pulled to the window I stated that I was never acknowledged and didn't get to place my order. I was told that I could not place an order at the window and to go back through the drive thru. I chose to go to another location. I submitted a formal complaint about their policy through their app. Be prepared for drive thru customer service inconsistency if you go to this location.
Second time I've been to this location and the second time was even worse than the first. The fries were so soggy the box was getting flimsy from the excess oil. I couldn't even eat them. The cashier was complaining about having to refund me my milkshake (because apparently they didn't have milkshakes). My boyfriend ordered a chicken sandwich and the chicken was visibly burnt.
My Mc.Nuggets where burnt after a 45 minute wait and i was told to wait in the speaker i recommend going to 1024 E Anderson Ln
This was by far the worst experience I've had a McDonalds drive through.  There were only a few cars in line but I waited 30 minutes to get to the order station and another 15 to get to the window to pay and get my food.  I can't imagine what they were doing in there that it took so long.
Consistently the SLOOOWEST McDonalds I have ever seen. Also their prices are higher than all of the other McDonalds in Austin for some reason. To top it off, the food is usually cold and they have a hard time even understanding your order ½ï
"What can I say, it's McDonalds.  The food is never cold or smashed. It's hit or miss on the type of employee you'll get at the drive through. They either ""don't want to be here and hate the fact that you're making them work"" or they ""smile and make you feel welcomed"". It's close to my office for a quick breakfast or lunch.

I'm editing my last post and changing my rating. I waited in the Drive-Thru for 10 minutes with no one coming on the line. The other line however three cars went through while I sat there. I pulled forward to place my order at the window and I was told that I had to drive back around. The level of unacceptable is insane.  I try to be understanding of fast food workers because I know they deal with ugly people but this takes the cake.  The day is Monday June 11th 2023 at 345pm. The morning crew is a good bunch of workers, however the afternoon crew has always been extremely slow."
Wow, this McDonald's Is the worst ran one that I've been to in Texas. Food is consistently delivered wrong. Your bag is going to always have a missing item. Can we go back in to get your missing items is such a hassle that you just keep on driving home without turning around because it's not going to be with your while
We waited 25 min in the drive thru line to be told we had to come inside for our "mobile drive thru" order. The guy in the drive thru insisted we go inside to pick up the order. We parked in front I went inside and waited 8 mins to be asked what my order was. The cashier said she didn't have a order for my code I was giving her. She went over to the drive thru cashier and she told him he needs to process the mobile orders in the drive thru. It was causing a delay with several customers
Terrible. Used to be okay. Come here all the time and have seen its decline. Horrible wait times, order mistakes, always out of lettuce, always out of drinks. Needs new management or more workers.
Ordered an unsweetened tea. The person came out to the pickup area and told me they had none and did I want some other drink. I said yes and told her what I would like and it was never brought out to me. I ate what I ordered and they never brought it. I had to go to work so I just had to leave.
Absolutely terrible experience! Walked in and ordered our food on the kiosk. After about 5 minutes an employee sticks her head out to say    no ice cream   . Three of our 4 items were ice cream products. My husband then asks if we could get a refund to which she 
"The food temp was fine. The burger I picked was not good tasting. Nothing to do with the cooks. The place was dirty. My daughter's cup was leaking as it was broken and I had to get a new one even though they had given it to us with it filled and had to have known it was like that. Most of the workers were just standing around. Even though it was lunch time they could not take a 100.00 and there was not signs up. Thank goodness I had another form of payment.

Overall was just not the best McDonald's I have been at."
If I can give this place ZERO stars I would! I went through drive through and cashier informed me to wait on line 1. So I drove and parked while I was waiting a lot of vehicles passed through. There was an older lady with red hair giving out deliveries of food so I was wondering when my order was going to come out waiting there for 30minutes or Longer. So I walked inside asking for my order and come to find out that my order was given to someone else! So they had to put my order again through the system so I can get my food so again Now I had to wait for others to come out before mine because my order was last in line. Food wasn't warm once I got it and fries had salt when I ordered no salt. Never coming to this place again if your near by this location I recommend going to the McDonald's on 183 by Taco Bell.
"horrible experience, just drive for 3 more min to the Anderson lane McDonalds!
I got there at 6:45am and opening time is listed as 5am. I was waiting at the drive through speaker for 10 minutes, NOBODY even said anything. I drive up to the order window and see another car that was there ever since I got here, parked, waiting for food for forever. The payment window was empty. I parked and decided to order inside but the door was locked, even though they were OPEN! the 2 employees inside were just standing there doing nothing, they saw me knock and purposefully completely ignored me.
Maybe they are understaffed but not an excuse to be so disrespectful to a knocking customer and NOT even put up some kind of sign or open the door to a knocking customer to let them know what   s going on! There were other cars behind me that were just waiting for a 5am opening McDonalds to kindly start working after 7am?!
I drove "
Was told my order was being prepared. Waited for 20 min, then was told they didn   t have my order. These people here are patheti
This McDonald   s is by far the worse one I   ve ever visited and I leave around the corner from it. McDonald ½ï
This mcdonalds is trash. I've never waited longer than an hour at any place before. Got here at 10:40pm and it is now 11:49pm. There was only about 7 cars in front of me.
Understaffed, constantly inaccurate orders. Fries are almost always cold . Attitude given when corrections are brought to their attention. Dirty bathrooms .....
Went to ONLY purchase cookies.....!  The cookies were stuck together because they stacked them to reheat them. The middle of one cookie is solid as stone.....!!! What a waste of a favorite at this store. I won't be back. To the trash it went. Sad you pride your business off of freshness...NOT TONIGHT!!!! UPSET!!! I went out of my way to get these cookies!!! Today us August 4th 2019 and I gave them another try... Total FAIL AGAIN!!! THE CREW IN BLUE TOLD THAT THE FRESH FRIES I ASKED FOR WERE SUPPOSED TO BE SATURATED WITH GREASE...!!!!! IF SHE STOPS TAKING THE FRIES OUT OF THE FRYER BEFORE IT'S DUE TO END THE FRY PROCESS MAYBE THE WOULDN'T LOOK LIKE THET CAME FROM THE TRASH...SOGGY FRIES!!! I DIDN'T ASK FOR HASHBROWNS I WANTED FRENCH FRIED POTATOES....FRIES!!!! THANK YOU LADIES OF MCDONALDS THAT SERVED ME HORRIBLE FRIES!!!!!!!!
The person taking my order Rushed me through my order. I I need to do was let her know if I needed drinks or not. She was so pushy we decided to get drinks somewhere else.
Always given the wrong order. Literally always. I ordered a plain cheeseburger and got two spicy mcchickens. Seriously this location sucks. The iced coffee is terrible as well.
Horrible service I went inside to get my food I waited 15 minutes just for them to take my order at the register. Once I placed my order here it is 20 minutes later still no food !!! I just asked for my money back ! Horrible
I had to go thru the drive thru 2 times due to the chicken sandwich I ordered. It was old and sitting there. I got tired of getting this fixed. Nasty
I placed an order and chose curbside. The girl who brought my order was disturbingly rude. When she gave me my bag and drinks, I immediately said thank you. She just looked at me with a frown on her face and walked away. I called the number that was listed for this location, but it went to a customer complaint call center. The CSR asked if I got the girl   s name and I said no, because she wasn   t wearing a name tag but I gave a very detailed description. She told me she would send the complaint to that location. She also asked if I wanted the manager from that location, I said yes. I never received a call. I go  to the location on Research weekly and I have NEVER had this kind of experience, they   re always professional, nice..overall just great customer service. Unfortunatelyd 
This McDonald   s is ghetto and slow . A bunch of high schoolers cussing and being unprofessional. Whoever
The worst McDonalds I've ever been to old refried fries dry chicken patties just over all bad ,they need to change the grease it's no way you dropping fresh fries and they still burnt and stale.
Multiple times they messed up my orders for my kids and said that they couldn   t do anything about it. Happy meal ran out of toy and told me after I already paid and picked up the food, the child wants the toy, they said    we   re out 
I enjoyed my deluxe spicy crispy chicken sandwich ï¿½ï
Worst McDonald's doesn't have any icecreams, coffees, coke available right now. Taking too much time drive through line not moving.
Waited in drive thru for 15 minutes and had to switch lanes because lady was only taking one side at a time
This is the second time they do this. We are there by 10:27am and breakfast ends at 10:30 and when they ask us what they can help us with we answered with breakfast and they just cut us off and say to give them a minute, they come back around 10:31am and ask us again what we wanted and we told them we wanted breakfast and they say oh sorry we're not serving breakfast anymore we let them know we were there before 10:30 and they told us to wait and all they had to say was they weren't serving breakfast anymore.
Literally the worst management probably ever and the worst workers I know times are rough, but not sure what they   re doing in their..and food takes forever to com
This place used to be quick and good food quality, but it's the opposite now. Just avoid this location if you can.
Their drive thru sucks! My fries were cold and when they remade them they still was not hot and the oil wasn ½ï
Worst place ever, never fully staffed, Libby closed during the day and super long wait in drive thru
We went through the drive through and asked for  shakes.  Was told they didn't have Vanilla so we asked for chocolate then they tell us the can't make them. So we asked for a sundae they tell us machine is broken. So get something else. We get up to the window and noticed they have two Mcflurries sitting there . So we complained an asked why they couldn't make them.  This person had no clue and did it anyway.  But his manager which was rude. Said there only doing them for doordash. She needs to learn some manners.
Fire these two employees. I Came in today (3--12-17) through the drive through and I have not so good hearing. I was able to capture their horrible attitude of the manager (picured in white) that claimed "What?, I told you there is only breakfast". Trying to make things easier, I asked if the inside was open and I was shouted with a "yes". I reversed and parked into one of the empty parking spots. Then me and my 4 other guests walked inside. Took a tremendous amount of time for either one of the employees (Both pictured) to come and assist us as they were just laughing and talking amongst themselves. I was first to order and I was treated with "I told you there was only breakfast, whomever it was that went through drive through." I was disgusted with the horrendous treatment I received by the manager (Pictured in white). I'm sorry you hate your job, but that is no way to treat a customer. I was very polite, even though I was very upset about the service. The manager (Pictured in white should be fired) was so rude and acted as if he hated his job. The other employee (Pictured) was very rude as well as she tossed our food into the bag and threw it onto the counter for us to pickup. I was very upset at the horrible service we received. I don't know if it had anything to do with our race, but I did not want to go that route. Corporate please, read this and fire these two employees as they are harming your business  HORRIBLE SERVICE! DO NOT COME HERE UNLESS YOU WANT RUDE AND HORRIBLE SERVICE.
No dining in for over two years although the signage on the door still says they're open daily. The app for ordering straight up sucks and only works maybe 60% of the time. Parking lot continuously backed up and blocked from drive thru customers.
Store always seems to operate drive thru only.  Main door lock. Through lunch hours. With management sitting in booth a front door
Worst McDonald   s   . stopped to get a Mochiatto and the young lady yeah No hot coffee   .  Asked for a shake? Yeah 
I like the upgrades done to this McDonald's. No play place for kids but a few tables have huge tablets for kids to play with. Only issue was the temperature inside place was very warm at the time I visited (mid afternoon). Maybe issue has been fixed since then.
Been living next to this McDonald   s for almost 2 years. EVERYTIME Iï¿½ï¿½ï
Drive thru only,  lobby always closed,  can't take two orders for one car, probably not coming back.  ï¿½ï
Why is it that I order my food and had to wait on it for over 10 mins just for my food to still be cold this is ridiculous
I've given it many chances but the drive thru takes so long and food is never fresh. I always get hard buns. Not visiting again.
This store has a lot of younger people working it. But they do a really great job, and are always polite!
Check your order.. if it's wrong you will have to go all the way around and waist 10 more minutes of your day
Was locked during store hours was told to walk thru drive thru. Terrible place!!
Always get my order wrong always rushing and not paying attention not going back to this location they just can 
Unqualified employees to serve customers. Too busy goofing off or eating fries to tend to customer needs. Milkshake was so watery wasn ½
Check your order before you drive away!
They always Getting orders wrong more than 8 times.
"We wanted to dine-in. Nope.

Drive in line was huge and took a long time.

First order of fries was cold, even with the crazy long line. Didn't make any sense to me.

They fixed the fry issue IMMEDIATELY and with kindness.

Here's the deal: the staff there HAD TO BE OVERWHELMED.

They better be making $25 an hour at least."
I asked for 5 sausage McGriddles, #6 and some other items. I got 6 sausage and biscuits oh and my 4 hashbrowns was soaked is grease. 2nd time within weeks, there will not be a 3rd.
Fast service but please don't confuse them, they're on auto mode.
After being disappointed with my experience with Dave and busters we stopped by this McDonald   s. The line was a little long but I did no mind. It was worth the wait. They were very courteous and the food has always been 
I can't quit you!  LOL  Unlike other Mc D's these guys actually check your order and make sure you have a straw.  Because that REALLY matters, especially when you are on the road. Always pleasant and accurate, and FAST service here.  I love these guys.
If I could give zero stars, I would, the employees are very rude ..
Some new staff members working the drive thru need additional training. A few separate occasions recently have had issues getting the order right and choose argument instead of remedy.
This location sucks every time I ordered here they messed up something and the workers were rude. But thank God I don't live in the are no more.
I feel bad for them. No help long lines take forever. Tried them again I did not think it could get worse but...
I ordered oatmeal and received a cup of cream. When I call the person who identified themself as the Manger hung up on me.
I love doing curbside pick up because I don't like talking to people and its less contact and usually online they have better deals. Well today I have decided I will never be doing that again, i ordered a coffee and a chicken biscuit on the app and went to my spot in one of the curbside pick up locations. After about 15 minutes of waiting i decided to call, a young gentlemen answered the phone and confirmed that they had my order and it would be out when its ready. I told them it has been almost 20 minutes and to please hurry, another 10 minutes went by and I had to go back to work, I left with-it my food and without my coffee which is really why I went there. Normally id just take the loss but I'm very sad I'm uncaffinated right now.
This is hands-down without argument the worse McDonald's in America do not waste your time go somewhere else. Literally just a drive-thru is open and they still have to stop for 10 to 15 minutes to get there s*** back together numerous times have I been in the Drive-Thru and had to wait 30 minutes plus for these stupid MFrs to figure out how to do their job correctly!!! You just need to close down this location and let a fast food company that knows what they're doing take over it!! There is another McDonald's less than three minutes from this McDonald's I highly encourage you to go to that one
Go to the McDonald's in Capital plaza because the one off of 290 always has still fries and their food just ain't good. TheyMac rib wasn't even warmed up all the way.. I'll never go to that McDonald's every in my life
"Waited in the drive thru for 10 minutes just for no one to answer.

Update: gave them a second chance & yet again     ½ï¿½"
My Chicken McGriddle was definitely a delight to my tastebuds.
I was in the first Lane drive-thru and there were more cars on the second lane drive-thru and they got their orders before I got my order placed and it was really bad the service! Finally I was able to go through the lane place my order but they did not have it ready when I got up to the window so I had to wait about 15-20 minutes in the parking lot for my order!
Something is wrong at this location.  Busy or slow, the food does not taste right.  The fries are limp and soaked in grease.   The burgers taste old.  Quality Control is not being done.  Going to give this location time to regroup.
The clerk @290E was the worst. Rather than an 'I'm here to help' aura, she had an 'I could care less/you're bothering me and I will spit in your food' attitude. That's scary! There's another McDonald's 10 minutes away and a Jack in the Box across the street. Thank God for options.
I Come Here Often As It Is The Closest Location To Me. There Is Usually A Wait Here And The Staff Can Be Rude At Times. Food Comes Out Good 8/10 Times.
If I could give this mcdonald's negative stars I would there whole system is down they act like they don't know that. There is a line all the way on the streets. If your in a hurry to go anywhere don't come here around 3pm cause you would be late. Even inside kiosk is down all 4 of them just crazy. This makes 3 day in a row.
Get regular mayo packets not light mayo packets and then you are a star and a half more.
Pretty modern and clean McDonald's location with a nice outdoor seating area (when the weather is cooler). Workers are friendly enough and the food came out quick and as expected.
This was a mostly great experience. The drive thru is a bit slow but the food was fresh, hot and delicious! No reason to have 2 speaker lines when the pay and pickup windows are slow.
They always take too long to take your order and when they do they ALWAYS give it wrong, one of the worst McDonald ½ï¿½ï¿
Horrible drive thru service at lunch time.
One of the better ones around with nice employees
Please if you don't want to work there.dont go.
Tried getting lunch while on break from work, didn't actually get anything since dinning in was closed.
No wonder they have a 3 star. Hours aren't correct, people standing around inside doing nothing with 30 car line... McDonald isn't what it used to be.
Was told I couldn   t place a 
The drive through was backed up it literally took about 15 mins before I got up to the speaker. After another 15 mins of sitting in line I finally got my food. My cup of tea had more ice than tea and my friends were extremely hard im not sure if they were sitting there and got dropped back in the grease or if they were just cooked way too long.
This location is horrible even the foreign manager guy. He got an attitude about issuing a refund for an item that they were out of and tried to refund me the wrong amount, when I told him it was the wrong amount he asked me for a receipt even though I had never left the window. He ½
bad service and very dirty inside !!
Horrible drive through, takes 15 mins with no cars in the line
This is by far the most unprofessional , location I have ever had the displeasure of visiting. The staff as a whole are lazy and not at all interested in customer or service. French fries taste like they were cooked hours before being served fountain drinks taste like bath water only slightly warmer. Hours are mis-posted on the entrance door and for serving product that is already cooked and just sitting under the heat lamp they are in a league of their own when it comes to the slowness of their service. I will gladly drive twenty miles out of my way to avoid this location in the future.
Sat in the drive-thru for close to 10 minutes waiting for my order to be taken. After asking twice if anyone was there and being told "give me a minute" I gave up and drove off.
Very bad service. Rude cashier. Bunch of us were  neardy for some Army training so we were allowed  to go pick up food. Consensus ended up being this place and the cashier was rude and with an attitude like she didn't even want to be therre or that we were bothering her. It was at least an order for 30 personnel maybe more. Even one of my buddies was saying excuse to her 5 times and she ignored her and when she finally turned around with that  attitude again just for some sauce. Jeez. That streak of negative reviews explains a lot...didn   t even bother ordering my own food just cau
This McDonalds is pretty hit or miss, mostly miss. I placed an online mobile order, showed up 5 minutes later, and the lady kept me waiting for minutes until she told me they didnt have my order. Didnt even try to accommodate me any other way, she simply just turned me away. Was pretty rude also. They apparently couldn't be bothered to service a PAYING customer.
Nicer now that it's been remodeled but I don't know why they got rid of the kid's play area. I dined in today and my food took a long time. The chicken in my salad was not good, had tough pieces. I ate half and threw the rest out. The manager was super nice with exchanging my son's toy though.
When you order they don't tell you anything is out until after you pay get up to the 2nd window to receive your food.... Food is good though
My fries were so nasty and dark brown. The lady I spoke with swears that they were fresh. But I was so out done that she didn't even say "bring them back and we'll correct the problem because our job is to satisfy the customer." Or even take my name to replace it on my next visit. But she was very argumentative. Maybe next time it will be better.
I would like to say that I am highly disappointed that this is my 2nd time getting 2 Large sweet teas from this facility, only to arrive at work and find out they taste horrible. This is the convenient location on my way to work and the usual drive thru workers know my vehicle so they normally get it right but when there is someone different at the window, HOW HARD IS IT TO ENTER THE RIGHT ORDER IN THE SCREEN, LARGE SWEET TEAS!!!!! I shouldn't have to hold up the drive thru line to taste the teas each time they give them to me. Then they get an attitude when you ask for your receipt or a manager's name!!!! HORRIBLE SERVICE!!!!
Went through drive thru, ordered a quarter pounder meal with out cheese . Was told only had can drinks. Ok, asked for a diet soda, I was told that they only have can drinks and water. Ok, so I said water. Then after I got my receipt and proceeded to next window, I  looked at the receipt , and I was upcharged $.39 for the water. What the heck? So I asked the employee at the window, wht was I uocharged .39 cents for the water. She said " I don't know, that's all we got". I  understand that the soda machines are down, but to offer can drinks and water, but uocharge, and not told why, or an employee to make the effort to explain, or even care. Terrible customer service. Disappointed.
I get to the drive though at 11:15pm, I figure since theres not a big line it should not take long and will be back to work on time by 12am... It's currently 12:15am and I can neither go forward or back in the drive though to get out... Thanks for the write up McDs, I understand it's not like it used to be and fast food isn't 5min fast but with an hour I can sit at a restaurant and eat and have time remaining
This place really depends on who is working sometimes there on there A game other times you have to deal with the BS and get a manager. My worse experience here was handed a 20 bill to the cashier my total owed was just about 5 bucks they gave me two 5's back and said have a nice day I caught this on the fly by luck and said you still owe me a 5 and some change the cashier said no you gave me 15 dollars I said no they don't make a 15 dollar bill long story short had to have them count the whole register down with the manager there just to get my correct change back.
This is one of the worst McD's around. I've only been there twice in maybe a year but both experiences were far less than stellar. For starters the smell coming thru the window was awful. On today's visit  apparently the person in front of me claimed my order and the cashier didn't handle it well. She kept yelling to the front that the lady paid for the wrong order ($3 less- like she didn't notice) and it took her about 5 min to straighten it all out. Skip this one and move on to the next one down the road.
Hated my experience going inside, the cashier was flustered and kept messing up, I paid for a large drink but she hands me a medium cup, they were out of ice on both drink fountains and when the manager was told she already knew.  Then someone said we're not out, they're both broken.  So where's the sign letting the customers know?  And out of all that my fries had no salt on them, now y'all know that's the best part of your trip to Mickey Dee's, eating the hot fries... smh!!!!
"As the mother of an employee who is encouraging her to maintain a level of financial responsibility while attending school. The level of treatment receive by African American vs Hispanic employess is very saddening! What I will not encourage is for her to accept mistreatment or bei g misused by any establishment on any level. She was refused breaks on more than one occasion and tonight was told to clock out after drinking water while being made to order runner and on fries.I would strongly recommend that Manager's be
However I am aware that there was also another manager there by the name of Irenetrained in what managing really intels. O called the store and the Manager refused her name not to mention my daughter doesn't even know her name This is unacceptable on all levels and it needs to be addressed. I will most certainly be reaching out to higher in command"
It's hot and good and lots of Big Mac sauce  ½
"The lobby just opened up after having been remodeled for the past few months and it's so clean! Everything is looking and smelling great. The staff have gotten more accurate and faster. Highly recommend.
Edit: I forgot to mention they have those kiosks to order yourself which severely reduces waiting time. An employee was even willing to show me how to use the darn thing. I refused, of course.
Edit 2, 5/29/2019: Being the lover of caramel that I am, it should come as no surprise that I'm in love with the new-to-America stroopwafel McFlurry. Highly recommend giving that a try!"
They close the lobby earlier than what is posted, they got our order wrong 3 times. They make faces when we asked for the correct things. They made us pay for an order of fries that should have already been included in our order. It took us so long to get through that drive thru and the entire situation was a complete mess. Smh.
We are staying at the hotel next door. My husband checks online to make sure the restaurant and dining room are open. They are. He walks over and the doors are locked. Walks back to the hotel, takes his car through the drive through, sits for 10 minutes and receives no service although there were employees in the restaurant. He sees other cars trying to receive service but they are all being ignored. He comes back to the hotel and calls again, at least 6 times, each time it says the number is disconnected even though he had already confirmed they were open through the same number earlier. Finally someone answers the call, he asks if they are open and they said no, he asked them why they answered the phone and were in the restaurant at 1am if it is closed, they said because their job is just to answer the phone. Its clear that the employees wanted to get paid for working all night without serving any customers. My husband used to work in fast food, and I wanted to believe that the stereotypes of McDonalds employees being terrible people and workers to not be true, but this location makes the company look bad. McDonald's should fire the franchise owner, or shut this location down, because they clearly dont know how to hire dependable employees.
"Even If you get there first in the drive thru (everyday, only a limited places to eat with my time), maybe 3 to 5 people behind you, order a simple #1 meal you get pushed to the pick up meal area with the same 3 to 5+ waiting for our food. Just and sometimes the people behind you get their food first and they ordered more than you! And by the time I get my food the fries are stale and super salty!
It seems like they are trying to out clear their drive thru numbers to show corporate they are clearing numbers."
"The manager and or the Owner does not have business sense. Poor staffing for the late shift. I pulled up to order some french fries at 10:30 and was told it will be a 20 minute wait and to pull to the parking lot. I asked why and the person said ""I have to go to school in the morning"". He said the owner do the hiring and it is not his fault. 1. Bad choice of words. 2. They may need to not be a 24 hour McDonald's 3. Hire appropriate staff.
I was taken back be the unprofessionalism I was handed. And charged $2 for a small order of fries.  SMH. I am glad that my mood was good. However I do not feel sorry for reporting them to the BBB and giving a BAD rating. They need to do better or get better ownership because they McDonald's look bad."
Everyone knows what they get at this McDonald's....but come on now.  1st being forced to order from the new kios(not to hard but its slow and takes forever). But numerous people came in after me and ordered from the front cashier and all of the 20 orders got there food before I did.  Normally I wouldn't post something like this.  But ive been to this McDonald's 5 times and this was my best experience yet.
Longest Drive Through experience for a couplr dollar menu items. Loved pulling around the front and waiting while watching 3 more cars behind me get orders and go about their day.
I've been to this location a few times and everytime I have been the food is always old and the fries taste like they have been sitting for hours. They are always out of sweet tea and coffee and it seems like nobody cares about the quality of food that is being served.
Lobby is closed often for seemingly unknown reasons.
The customer service is very very bad. I waited there for almost 25 minutes to be served. That's not the first time. I was there like that. So I walked out and I went to the drive-thru. I was in the drive through and out of the drive-thru probably in about 3 minutes. That is the worst manager I have ever seen
Do you want dysentery, cholera, or one of the "Big-5"? Then eat here, otherwise you would be wise to avoid this McDonalds as if it were the plague. Immediately upon walking through the door I was stunned by an extremely offensive and pungent odor. It was so difficult to focus on much else due to the severity of the smell. This was not a smell of hamburgers or French fries, this was the smell of spilled milk that had soured and marred in the 100+ Texas heat for weeks. Truly, this smell is likely from the repeated spilling of soda at the drink stations that had either been overlooked or merely disregarded by careless employees. Beyond the smell, the sights were just as appalling. There were trays with discarded food and wrappers lining the tables as well as smashed food around the floor. Granted the trays are the result of lazy and inconsiderate people that believe they shouldn't be required to tend to their mess; the employee's should have direction from management to conduct a lobby check at set periods to ensure this doesn't result in customer  dissatisfaction. All this being said, I simply walked into the lobby to order a drink and I would have been on my merry way. I stood at the counter and waited for one of the cashiers to acknowledge that they were ready to take my order. I received numerous glances from, who I assumed was, the front of store worker. I was the only customer in line in the lobby, but understood that there was also a drive through at which customers were present. I waited a bit longer, received additional glances from previously said employees. Still, I was not asked for my order. I was doing nothing that would have given the appearance that I was unready to order. I was not on the phone, not fiddling with my wallet; I was standing quietly, intently looking at multiple employees that dismissed my presence. 4 employees present, 2 managers in the back and zero orders from me. This normally would not have been an issue, I would have waited a bit longer, but the lack of regard for cleanliness and the piercing stench that wafted throughout the lobby forced me to leave. I'm not likely to enter this facility nor purchase any product from this store after today. If the management and workers leave the front of the store in such a state, it forces me to wonder about the areas where customers cannot see. To all those that dare enter, 'ye be warned'.
Ice cream was gritty and the fudge they put on my daughters sundae was runny and tasted a little like coffee. We trashed it before we left the parking lot. Better luck next time.
I ordered breakfast with no line and took 10 minutes to tell me they didn   t have that breakfast item available. There were about 10 employees not really that busy. So I said ok to something equivalent in cash value. Then, they had an issue getting a mocha coffee out due to some poor understanding of the machine. So after fifteen minutes I left my food on the counter and walked away before I started yelling at a manager. I don   t like to do that but just reaffirms that this particular McDonald ½ï¿
Surprise up charges, then they blame you for it. I won't return to this location again.
This is how they brought me my dipped cones after making me wait for 15 minutes pulled up from the window
The times have gone there they are always super backed up, I try to add something at the window I'm paying and they tell me to go around and go through a big line for a single item after waiting for like 30 mintues. Also when I ask for a frappe they tell me they are not selling them right now just because they don't want to deal with more people waiting. They need to get more people to work of they don't like to keep people waiting.
Awful location. Staff is very rude, food is almost always cold, and if you need to voice anything, you have to go thru the 10 to 15 min wait process all over again in their drive thru.
"For this Franchise company to be, how do I put it nicely (in a low-income area) this McDonald was way overpriced, the owner speculated everyone receives unemployment??
Dear Owner
Note to yourself: NOT everyone receives unemployment, and we have jobs. Rethink your prices, and start paying your employees better.
Thank you
Denisia :)"
Wow... I mean...wow. Over 5 employees and they all need to work on their people skills. It's just so disappointing on how they attended us. Restrooms were a mess ( it wasn't even packed) and to top it off, one of the employees was eating fries out of the fry tray while preparing orders. I just don't know what else to say other than I will NEVER come back to this location.
Usually McDonald's allows you to pay w Credit card, grab your cup so you can satisfy your thrist if the staff is too busy.  This McDonald's I paid for a meal and went to grab my cup just I like I do 4 days a week and the staff woman yelled at me and accused me stealing despite the proof of payment  in hand... They were  Very ugly, mean and disrespectful.
I placed my order on the mobile app this morning and I waited 10 minutes for my order to come out to the curbside and still nothing. I thought this way or ordering is suppose to be faster than waiting in the long line of the drive thru... I finally left since I was already late for work since they took long. I called to find out what was going on and no one will answer the phone.
I went through the drive through Friday Dec 23, 2016 at about 7:20 a.m. There was a young black female working the window where you pay, and I have to say she set the tone for my day. What a sweetheart, she was all smiles and just a joy for my first stranger encounter of the day. With the way things have been going in this country the last several months, she was a bright spot in an otherwise dreary daily grind, and I will not soon forget how she lifted my spirits all over a sausage burrito and a cup of coffee. She set the bar, good job.
"Waited 10 minutes in front of the register.
They never Acknowledged our presence there..Employees and Manager we're just talking not doing anything.
Then the girl from the drive thru comes and takes our order...I ask who's the Manager on duty, she replies it's the guy in white shirt.
He happens to come to the counter and i told him his service here sucks..
He looks at me and says"" so what, I dont care""
This is coming from the Manager...
When you first walk into this McDonald's it stinks like dirty diapers.
This location always stinks and customer service is very Horrible.
This is the only location close to my work.
Manager and employees are there for a paycheck only...NOT customer service!!!
The Owners should do a surprise visit there.."
The only thing open is the drive thru. I drive a large truck that will not fit in the drive thru and they will not answer the phone to place an order to pickup. So tried the app they want you to order from and after 20 minutes going through all the questions switching from screen to screen and placing my order then giving them my CC info it tells me that the location is closed I look over at the 15 or so cars going through the drive thru getting their food and decided I really didn't want their food anyways now or in the future
This place might as well close at night with how long it takesï¿½
I ordered 9 peoples food ,received only one pack,after immediately I called this location Walmart inside McDonald   s spoke to one lady or manger I don   t no who she ,she said want come pickup the food ,I said I can   t come she said ok we can   t give refund,she talking very rudely please don   t c
Slow and rude. The female who took my order had trouble understanding english as I repeatedly had to tell her that I didn't want a drink with my #2. Then it took 20 minutes to get to the window. I was already late for work and sped off after another 5 minutes. I called both the store and corporate to complain. Never got through to either. I'm not going back, to any McDonalds. Ever.
This McDonald's is very low on service . When i first walked there was a smell of something rooting or something else and it just smelled horrible. Everyone that walked i  would seem that . The soda station had trash on it, the tables weren't clean. I also had to wait an extra 10 min for my food but it was already ready but the people were just standing around not calling out my order.i had to go up to them and say is that my order and the guy said i don't know.
Sat at one of the drive thru station for 5 minutes without anyone asking for our order. Saw the other order station was taking orders. Went inside and couldn   t get anyone   s attention to ask about it maybe being broken, they have 
Drivethru was atleast 20 vehicles, went a lot faster than I thought. Was a disappointing to find out that they dont sell salads anymore at 290 and springdale area location.
Service real slow.   It appears that the Manager and a staff showed the customer's there open dis agreement.  Staff was loud Managet was the same.  You take all disagreement to the back not on front.  Seems like a racial disagreement. Time: 2:30pm...Not Good on the manager part.
This Place is Horrible, The Manager JOSUE is absolutely the worst person you   ll ever meet. The Employees are treated wrong and he always uses a scapegoat to deal with problems. I don   t see why he became manager. Apart from that, the Place is filthy, the dr
The kiosks suck. People can   t figure out how to use them, so you have to wait. If you can get someone at the register, they act put out. I managed to skip the kiosk, and had to wait longer than the people that took forever figuring out the kiosks. Been here 10 minutes and s
I can't tell you how much I have the new kiosk system of ordering. The employees couldn't care less if you have ordered or need to order, and that goes for the managers also. Everyone is only worried about what the lazy people in the drive-through are ordering. And to make matters worse, if you want to pay with cash, you get to order twice. What a stupid idea, why not just give me a place to do all the work myself like Fuddruckers.
"I love how on their door they say the drive thru is open till 12am, however between 11:30pm-11:35pm I sat there waiting for someone to respond to me at the speakerbox. I didn't know they had closed their drive thru window early until a customer who was leaving let me know. But I'm not the type to critique without leaving advice so here's some for free.

This is like 300IQ so get ready. You get a piece of paper and write something to the effect of ""drive thru closed"" and tape it to the drive thru speakerbox. This will effectively let everyone except blind drivers know that no one in the store will be taking your order. For blind drivers (and other drivers) you can just use the speakerbox to let them know!"
It   s was all good until me and a couple of friends came into the lobby and a gentleman who looked to be Hispanic with dark hair and a dark beard was complaining to a manager about how he has already cleaned the lobby twice and doesn   t wanna clean it a third time (assuming we were the problem)(not to mention other comments that were made about us coming in) and I thought that was very uncool. I get coming in late but this place is 24 
Online order, food wasn't fresh other than that I was ok with the food
Line moved ridiculously slow tonight and food wasn't hot.  Not always the case but that was my experience tonight.
Came here at 10pm and this is how I got my meal 
Dirty dining room. Beverage station needed to be wiped down.  Trash cans were overflowing.  Roaches. Floors needed cleaning. And no. They were not too busy to clean. We were their only customers other than the 1 car at the drive thru and we saw at least 6 employees.
My food was overcooked. The lettuce they put on my hot & spicy was brown and it looked like it needed to thrown away. I waited almost twenty minutes for a six dollar meal. Their fountain drink machine needs to be fixed. The orange hi-c is just orange syrup and the sprite taste like carbonated water. I wont be going back there!
Went to this location this morning around 4:30am, tried to order at drive thru, was told I had to come in, once I went in, cash registers didn't work & they would only except cash which is not unusual because I've come to this location several times during the AM hours & they will only except cash seems like all the time but after I FINALLY got my order this morning was pissed to find that my hash brown was hard as a rock. WILL NOT BE RETURNING TO THIS LOCATION EVER AGAIN.
This McDonald's is getting this rating not cause its McDonald's, but because time after time, it has been terribly poor service. I have had one experience where a manager told me that I was wrong. That clearly I ordered wrong. All I asked for was a double quarter pounder with cheese meal. They took down a quarter pounder with cheese meal because that's likely more common than what I ordered. And instead of admitting they may have messed up, she told me I was wrong and needed to just accept that. I have been told that they only carry 2 types of sauce for nuggets as well, which I believe isnt true. I believe they just didnt know the other ones and didnt want to find out. I have also had large fries consistently only filled about 3/4's of the way. Never once have I had a full large fries from there.
Breafast burritos tortillas are always hard and eggs are dried out when I go late in the morning.  So I ask for extra cheese. Cashier says they cannot do that because they are already made. I tell her make me 2 fresh ones. She says she has to "go see"  Comes back and says no.  I order something elsr and aak for fries. It is only 10:15 and we cant make fries until 10:30.  I can get hash browns at 3:00 pm but cant get fries until after 10:30?? Makes no sense. I ask for manager. She says "I am the manager"  Really? Then why did you have to go ask about the cheese?  Do you always ASK your emoyees if tthey can put cheese on sonething?  So now she not only gives bad service...but LIES to me about being manager!  I want call from OWNER
Everytime I go here they seem to have an issue with charging for ranch. Today a told them at the speaker box twice I wanted a total of 3 ranch. Which honestly, I could use five or six. When I got to the second window I only found one. It was a manger serving me. I explained to her that I asked for a total of 3 ranches. She hands me 1 and proceeds to tell me I was not charged for it. Annoyed I grab the change and explained to her I ask for extra everytime and it ends up like this. At this point the manager quickly grabbed 2 more and rushed me off. I understand I was not charge, I am willing to pay the extra dollar or 2 for extra. Please dont be rude to me cause I like enough sauce for my nuggets.
The place sucked. The manager forced us to used the "self order kiosk" which I hate using. If I have to take my own order, give me an employee discount. Then a girl behind the counter told me their coffee machine was down then offered me a cup of regular coffee I'm place of the "McCafe" I ordered for $4. Then I ordered 2 apple pies and found cherry pies in the apple pie box. I was the told they only had 1 apple pie left. Instead of offering a refund, I was asked "if" I wanted one. I was given the incorrect amount back for my refund.  It was the worst "Mcspirience". I ever had.
Was told to wait on the side of the building which is typical when long lines form in the drive thru. These guys didn't have the courtesy to bring me my food. I had to wait outside in the heat for 15 minutes before I got fed up to go inside and have one of them say "It's been ready".  Worst customer service I've ever received at ANY McDonalds. Way to be terrible!
Bad customer service, drive thru won   t even listen to ya told them I had coupon on my phone said yes, and then charged me full price ? Inside is ghetto not very good hiring staff obviously, I was there when they had to call the police on one of the employees who was sitting there yelling slurs inside. This place sucks overall crappy food anyways eat somewhere healthier and classier with better customer service I suggest... a
It was a busy Sunday     ½t
They have a great deal on drinks and since I don't eat meat, the main reason I ever drive through is to get a drink and sometimes, an ice cream cone. This time, the ice cream machine was broken. It seems to happen with some frequency. I guess they serve lots of shakes and ice cream.
It was great I had a birthday party there for a sibling. The staff was really nice, they gave us some extra happy meals because they messed up our cake we are the great time we had cookies and had a bunch of fun I'd recommend coming here it was nice ½ï¿½
I guess my expectations should be low. Inside smelled like $#!T somehow. Management and staff were having loud personal conversations that included cuss words. Talking about how they were so ready to go home cant deal with this bs. Among other things. One manager was on her phone while tending to fries. Cashier was soft spoken and rude or clueless. Gnats flew around my food as I ate. I was given my ice by the cashier from a bucket behind the register. There were no ketchup or napkins out for self serve so when I asked for them they were thrown on my tray. It is McDongles after all.
Every time I go to this McDonald   s my order is always missing something. 
Went there Sunday night, shortly after dark, ordered 2 fish sandwich, Sprite, n 10 piece chicken nugget meal, the fish sandwich were the worst I've ever had the fish was Really small n over cook, and the nuggets were small n cold, n I swear the drive thru cashier was stoned I'm never going there again sorry guys I love Mc Donald
Nice place clean but got 2 stars.. Always during lunch it gets packed and they have a way to order your food yourself now me being me I would help out bit when it's always asked in a rude way to order your meal back there I cannot accept. They need more help there obviously.. Sorry McDonalds but needs to change there tactics on time management and other stuff aside from that a gentleman behind me did not get to order because he didnt place his order by himself but neither did i.. No bueno.
I went at 6am and I understand not everyone is  a morning person, but geez...she kept cutting me off and was very short with me and I was in a great mood, but sadly her attitude got to me and ruined my morning. Disappointed with morning staff or at least this lady individually.
this is the absolute worst customer service I've ever experienced. I was at the drive-thru for at least 3 minutes and nobody ever responded on the intercom box and then when I pulled up to the window the lady said it was working that they just didn't take my order
Sign says lobby open till 11pm and the doors locked at 10 pm. Called to ask manager about descrency of hours of operation and was not satisfied with response from manager and when i asked for corporate or complaint number, she responded "why did i need the number".  Really?? For being new in this area, extremely dissappointed,  Terrible customer service, horrible quality and have had complications at this location 290 at tuscany austin tx.
The burgers are constantly underdone, but the manager is usually ok with exchanging them. Originally they would try to explain its a temp cook, and I had to tell them I can ½ï¿½
Terrible  customer service. Besides having to wait in line at the drive -thru for over 10 mins to get 1 coffee, was pathetic. Then it never fails the employee at the window that hands your food thru drive thru, never is even courteous or says a simple HELLO or Here', your food! I hate service like that. And it hasn't just been this one time, it's always that way.
"I been looking forward to visiting a high tech Macdonald and to my surprised was the dirtiest Macdonalds I been in. Bathrooms were filthy and the main dinning area needs a thorough cleanup. Seen third world countries Macdonald and always been spotless.

I would not record this location, I mentioned it to an employee and she mumble as she walk away."
"Talk about HORRIBLE SERVICE this is by far the worse place to try to go at any time of the day, you have nothing but RUDE EMPLOYEES. Definitely a lesson learned I have had quite a few BAD EXPERIENCES going to this mcdonals. NEVER AGAIN! I rather drive an extra 10-15 minutes and take my money and my business somewhere else.
(If I could give this review a 0 start I would)
I AM HIGHLY DISSATISFIED WITH THIS PLACE!"
"Usually I don't have time to eat at McDonalds. So I take food to-go. This is not the first time that I order something and I get something. These people always miss something from the order and since its to-go, I can't even go back and tell them. It happened like 5-6th so far. Very poor service from this McD.

Hopefully they read this and do something about it."
Over cooked chicken, over salted fries, wrong drinks.
Unpleasantly warm inside (it's a warm day in December), the men's bathroom was disgusting. They couldn't sell me a hot fudge sundae because they were out of fudge. On the positive side, my hamburger met expectations.
The last person just said this place is outdated and mentioned that there are iPads on the tabe... For some reason that doesn't make sense to me. I just went there and ordered some food. The manager who took my order joked around with me making me laugh. That's always a plus. After I payed I decided that I wanted an ice cream cone. The manager dude that took my order just gave me the ice cream cone on the house! The food I ordered was delicious too. Thanks yall, I'll be back for sure now.
Probably the worst McDondalds I have visited on a regular basis in my life. Rude employees that don't care and something is ALWAYS wrong with my order.  And for some reason the debit card reader is always down.
This location has gone downhill. It   s saying 24 hours, but they always say it   s closed. If you 
Says they're open 24/7 but I've shown up 5 times in the past month past midnight and there was no one answering the drive thru. Dont eat here they will mess up your order as well, I have to go back to get my order right every 2/3 times
There was no one men the drive through i came back three times. I love McDonald's I have been going there since i was very young. I hope things change for the better at this location.
I wish I could give 0 stars....my order was completely wrong, I had no eggs,  my biscuits were literally burnt, the coffee was disgusting and when you try to call the phone is off the hook and just goes busy when you call. They even repeated my order back to me and it was correct on the receipt, but I did not rcv what was listed
This McDonalds is consistently out of coffee.  I have gone there several times in the morning and they are out.  Personally I have always liked McDonald's coffee, it is too bad this franchise cannot provide it.
Well where do I start 1 Lack of Supervision always good to see our youth learning to be in the work force but more playing and joking around than waiting on the customer.  2 most McDonald's fries are the Bomb not here there over Cooked along with everything else. 3 place always empty napkins,  straws, ice .4 place is Filthy unless you get there early in the morning.  Good Luck if you go there.
The food is alright but the don   t add all your when you order so yeah I had to 
Sick of the long wait. Every single time I come here it's the same woman running the register. 10 minutes to order food. 10 minutes to get my food. Get a crew that actually works. Or get an ow we that actually values CUSTOMER SERVICE.
Great female staff one of the older women gave me great service.
The cashier with a unique name. she was awesome. Some of the nicest people I've ever met working at a McDonald's.  Definitely will make it my usual McDonald spots.
I went through the Drive-Thur everyone was on there phones which is beyond discussing when you   re dealing with food. Before I could even get t
If I could give it 0 stars, I would. Place is dirty, staff are rude. I don't think this is a good place anymore. It took ten minutes to take my order and ten minutes for my food to come out. This isn't fast food! The vibe in the air is like we're in a Funeral Home. Never eat here!
Drive thru is super slow, and curb side isn't available in the evenings. Buns can also be stale at times
"Went here a few days ago around 10pm to get some food. Guess what the person at the drive-thru told me?

""I'm sorry but we're out of burgers""

We truly are in endtimes folks. Brace yourselves."
Slowest McDonalds I   ve dealt with - 20 min for Big Mac 
Its McDonald's,  not sure what to expect. Take about the same when I get a crazing for soy burgers. I want to try that experiment my self where you set out food from there and see if it denigrating or stays looking the same. I'll find out one day...
So no one answered. The guy who took my order was very rude, they had me waiting in the first window like about 15 minutes, I knocked at the window and no one would ever come out. Other 5 cars were behind me, waiting. VERY SLOW AND BAD SERVICE. If you ½ï
this is the worst place ever, i guess the qualification to work here is rude. every single person that works here is RUDE- the order is NEVER right, and again they are RUDE, like you choose to work here so why be rude be the best you can be at McDonalds. the inside is always dirty i will never eat here again
Extremely slow service. Staff unorganized and rude. No gravy for mashed potatoes and they were old and cold, macaroni overcooked. Truly worst experience ever. Not worth the e tra effort made to drive there and wait for fresh chicken.
Very slow service. People are not professionals and more inside talk than work. The management should look into the working staff. It took me 20 min although order was placed 15 min before I reached.
Showed up at 5 am and was sitting in the drive thru for about 5 minutes. Called the store and asked if the store was opened and was told either 5 or 5:30 they would open, and that she wasn   t sure w
Not open 24hrs all lights are on and drive-thru is open. I was waiting for over 5 minutes then decided to pull up to the window. Employees are in there but not serving. Please change hours of operation and turn drive-thru lights off!!!
Rolling eyes and aggressive teenagers at the drive thru when I visited at 8:15pm on 10/25
Employees loud and arguing with each young guy cussing, cashier asked a other employee if was special ed. Then told drive thur  girl learn english. Got my order wrong this and the past few time
I'm not a big fan of mcdonalds at all but for the first time in forever, I came to a mcdonalds cause my friend wanted to get quick food. When I asked for some extra sauce, the manger was kinda rude about telling me how it cost extra. Then my friend orders 1 regular mcChicken sandwiche. The gave her a hot new spicy sandwich. 3 tries later, they keep giving us a spicy instead of regular. I am really disappointed as well as my friends were. This is why I don't come to mcdonalds.
Worst mcd's I've been to. Come here twice and both times horrible experiences. Don't know if it's McDonald's standards to hire employees that don't know basic math or how to read. They have a screen and a receipt but they still mess up on how many meals the I order. I will never come back to this place ever again.
I've eaten McDonald's EVERYDAY for lunch for over 2 years (I know it's unhealthy, but that's not what were here for) and due to my employment, I've eaten at many MANY McDonald's all over Austin and surrounding cities and this location has by far the worst staff of any McDonald's in the greater Austin area
Whenever we are near here late at night and want junk food we stop here, but both times they have forgotten one of our fries. It's annoying, but not enough to turn around for.
This is not a good mcds to go to first I ordered big breakfast and they had no scrabble egg then I order a frappe and the machine doesn't work then I get to window and pay and they didn't have my order right had to wait not only waiting I get home. Em pancakes are all stuck together couldn't even put butter on then cuz they rip when you would take apart they gave me my platters all the food lop sided cause they didn't have big bags and then sausage was burned hard egg looks like it had been sitting there some of it looked green then I call them and no one answers the phone not right at all don't recommend it
This location is not 24 hours. Went to the window around 11pm said they were closed and to order with the app. Of course they never have any of the frozen frozen drinks.
Service is slow, sometimes they run out of drinks or can't make frappes.
They never get the orders right they never give you your receipt. I ordered a coffee and the sign said it was a dollar they told me it was no longer a sale but the sign was still there I had to pay like a dollar 79 for the sign to say a dollar coffee I thought they would honor it but they didn't the service is very slow.
1 star because workers apparently don't know items on their menu, then give you attitude because they don't know it? I almost laughed at how unprofessional that was, felt like I was giving my order to a 8yr old. But no it was a full grown lady, ridiculous haha
This McDonald's is like almost all others they not that good like most parents just went there because the kids wanted to play. The play place is outdated, its outside, dirty and hot. The food is like all McDonald's not that good but they do have two ipads on two tables with games  ½
I ordered a filet-o-fish, which I order everytime I get s meal at McDonalds. The fish was WAY over cooked and greasy. It didn't even look like a piece of fish! The fries were almost burned ....not at all like McDonalds normally cooks them. I told them I was not eating fish that looked like that...and to give me something else. They gave me a Quarter Pounder and new fries (which were still over cooked). The Quarter Pounder was the worst I've ever eaten...very greasy! I will never visit this location again!
Park is very worn down with minimal area for kids. Bathrooms are messy and unkempt. However the food is still good and as expected just that it can be extremely dirty at points
The workers were too busy standing and talking instead of coming to pick up the receipts from  the customers to pay for their meal. It was jus not right. Had to wait almost an hour for the food. It was very poor
Waited in parking lot  for 15 minutes just for no one to answer. Shouldn ½ï¿½
Been here 4 separate times at night and no one takes orders or even acts like they are open. It says 24 hours but after 1am they stop serving customers. This place sucks
Had to give a star to do a review but this place right here is a mess. It really seems like they people working the drive thru like conflicts or drama which is some str8 bullshiii I tell ya. I don't like coming or going to this one especially if it's the one on Airport ugh
"Service v good, employees at the griddle wear gloves, employees are neat,
Restroom needs to be more clean.
Clorox solution for cleaning have to go.
Slippery floor with that nasty clorox."
Quick service as usual.
The lady that works on wensday,thursday and friday morning at 5 is very rude..Its like we r bothering her when we place a order through drivethru...
This was the saddest McDonald's. Everything was poor even the bathroom. Had no tissue. The manager said they were out. So this male maintenance guy gave me a big hand full of napkins and said sorry. Wow ..
I was picking up a door dash order and the drive thru guy was eating fries with no gloves and no mask plus he gave me the order with out washing his hand that where oily from the fries he was eating feel sorry for the people eating at this location smh
I was picking up UberEats from this store today...great team! They were fast and friendly. Thank you!
Playground outside ! and big dining area
One minute after closing. 1:01AM... Sorry bro I already turned off all the machines. COVID=NO MORE CUSTOMER SERVICE
"I came with my family to enjoy a dinner.
People working at 7PM on 10-04-19 were discussing and talking very loud.
This is unacceptable."
Don   t come here, it says 24 hours but it   s not. I saw three cars in 
"It's a McDonald's, not the cleanest one but not the grossest. Service inside the restaurant is terrible, they seem to only focus on the drive through, so don't go in.

Edit: service here is in constant decline, avoid at all costs."
Fries were kind of cold and a little under cooked. Everything else was bomb.
I love this restaurant. This is one of my favorite places ever to grab some food. The service is high quality, kind employees and really fast. I love it.
This location always has a problem the staff is rude. They never have ice cream   or frappe's, hot chocolate and they take forever to give you your order and they also make it wrong and honestly why do you have to ask for ketchup if I get fries i want ketchup.
Great food, go by in the afternoon or evening though, the morning shift dislikes the manager and it shows. She's a good manager, the people seem to not like their job or..... something.
This McDonald's is NOT open 24 hours. Just went to the drive-thru and there were signs on the drive-thru speakers that said Close".  This is not the first time this location has been closed when I have gone by to get something to eat.  So, not only were they closed for business, but the sign was misspelled. Very disappointed.
I come here late night bc Google says it   s open 24hrs. Anytime I come here past midnight, no one answers
Drive thru was open at 11:00 pm, but didn't get served. Voice on speaker rudely said "we're closed". Lots of cars weren't served.
Very sad. Explained that the food was saturated with grease and employees were uncaring and unable to make it right or didn't care. A simple fix  was too much trouble
Great cooks here. But this building is filthy . Gross. And the servers are always unhappy.  I have to drive out of my way to get a better experience for my money.
Busy but prompt. Parked and give give me jelly or ketchup. But everything else was good.
says it 24 hours people are there but never answer the window. this is not a 24 hours not sure when theybcose but I was here at 10:45 PM on a Tuesday and noone answered the drive thru and when I went around I saw people in there
Patties were raw and uncooked took 20 minutes to get ahold of someone then get told to call back later. Threw the burger away and made ramen instead!
It   s McDonald ½ï
Fast service, accurate everytime, very clean and welcoming,  inside and out.
"Would NOT break my $100 bill because my order was only $6.48 . . . i call it LAZY to satify the CUSTOMER !
They really need to have ""Pep talks"" in the mornings b4 they open & remind their stsff that ""THE CUSTOMRR IS ALWAYS RIGHT"" !!!"
"Was looking at menu to see what I wanted, and was told in loud voice I cannot order there, use the kiosk.
I stated I was looking to see what I want then use kiosk.
I was then screamed at and told to go to the kiosk.
Nice customer service."
Food was good of course That's why i gave it a star,  but the restrooms and the restaurant was dirty!! Especially the playscape!! Full of stuck on and fresh bird poop ½
They took so long getting my uber order ready (two medium meals) that my uber driver started having HIS lunch while waiting for my order.
They have super slow service and only offer drive thru.
Theyve changed management and the crew that works there now is super friendly and the restaurant cleanliness has improved drastically. I only give it 5 stars because it is McDonald's.
Terrible. The service is always slow at this location. I go to McDonald's at least 3 times a week. Elgin manor austin. This location not so often and every time I go I remember why I don't go toooooo slow. Everytime!!!
Anyplace that makes you park when going thru drive thru always will deserve 1 star in my opinion, if I wanted to wait in the parking lot I would of paid thru curbside more angry watching cars that ordered after me get their food first
Placed an order for pick up through the app. They were Rude didn't give me a receipt and walked off when I asked for one.
It says open 24hours online and on the sign they have, I was just there and no one answered when I pulled up on the drive thru. There was a lady inside when I pulled up to the window and she just ignored me and pretended she didn ½
It would be best if the person taking my order could understand me that way they could actually give me what I ordered
I ALWAYS have an issue with this location! And this time THEY OVERCHARGED ME! They didn't even have the LARGE CARAMEL MOCHA I ORDERED!!!
Only started coming to this McDs after the one on airport pissed me off. And hard to believe but this one is even worse. From customer service to cleanliness and also accuracy of orde.
Verry rude would not take my order want back with my glasses use the computer tryed to pay for it an thay just made me wate no one take my money i left there with no food i called two times an thay would not let me talk too a supervisor
Austin   s best McDonaldï¿½ï
Always out of items,never have the special promoted items. Food is cold not a good location
This morning was the third time that I have tried to get breakfast at 5:25am. When you pull up they say they are closed. If this isn ½ï
Your employee is hiding in the restaraunt not responding to customers trying to order food at the drive through. This location says  dining and drive through are open 24/7.
This place is not 24 hours. I   ve been here 3 times at various hours and they
This McDonald's is okay in somewhat not words, but it never has ice cream. And looks like this McDonald's does nothing to this situation on it having or fixing the machine, I have come to this McDonald's for almost 2 years and there has never been ice cream, at least not when I am there
They got half of our order wrong, there was attitude when requesting additional dipping sauce, and the tea tasted moldy. Very disappointing.
Probably the worst McDondalds I have felt with on a consistent basis in my life. Management is rude employees don't care and something is ALWAYS wrong with my order.
Door states the location is 24 hours. 3 days this last month I get no answer on drive thru  window.  12am, 2am, 4am
They upgraded the place and it nice here, but its hot, they need to turn on the ac. Workers here are helpful, said hi when i walked in, nice touch.
Never go here!
Love the fries and drinks
Horrible service. Lady says she doesn't run registers and told me I need to order food on kiosks myself. Navigation for food was slow wasted more time than I should of. Dine in service was rude.
The food was fresh. There are two employees that are rude Everytime. Maybe they are in the wrong field of employment
This time the door was unlocked to the facility so that I could use it after paying for my purchase.
This particular day service was very slow. Took eleven minutes to get my order and another customer asked for their money back.
Still bad, so sad. Frappe no good. Go somewhere else.
Frys where discusting, brown and hard and awful tasting, the hot and spices I got where good, but the frys where horrible, the line was long as well in the drive threw, I woudnt recommend this place.
The worst Mac Donald   s you can go to in Austin..They always messing up order it never fails and they lie so much about the items in 
Ewwww I'm here now, and there is rat poop everywhere! This is nasty and I can't believe this place is open. I would tell them how nasty but they don't speak much English and it took me 5 minutes just to acknowledge me at the counter---even tho there is only one other person here. Gross!!!!
Don't ever go here after 2am. They always have system issues. So you'll need cash and park somewhere until they eventually get to your order.
Took forever in drive thru
I don't really eat here much, but i am a fan of their caramel frape ½
One of the nicer, cleaner McDonald's I've seen. Has a very nice outside area. Staff were friendly.
They mess up my order alot and employee's act like its my fault. That and after midnight they don't want to take your credit card. Always claiming the system is down.
Never a delay when I use the drive through. Cant wait until they are done with the remodeling of the play area
1 hour wait drive through and the food is bad
Little pieces of chicken, instead of strips. Large drinks were not even close to being filled. The fries and sandwiches were perfect.
Worst. McDonald's. Ever. The management is bad (in the evening), they are slow as sloths, and orders are more often than not missing something or contain old food.
Doesn't even deserve a whole star. This location got my entire order wrong. Morning crew has very bad attitude. Would not recommend.
The price is fine but no matter what McDonald   s I go to, I always hav
Great service
"Poor service

Yall need to get better customer service and have everything up and working and yall need to sale everything even fries in the morning"
Food was typical McDonalds. Had to wait several minutes while one lady ran around taking cars of a busy drive thru while the other workers were nowhere to be seen.
Sidel had excellent customer service in drive thru. I was not expecting this at 7am at a McDonald's. Glad I stopped by.
Not professionally operated. Young staffers were too busy playing with each other, while customers were waiting for orders to be completed or taken.
The drive through cashier dumb as the dickens. My order was wrong 3x so u be the judge. Good luck
Poor service, can't seem to get orders, right. Then want to catch an attitude when you ask them to correct their mistakes.
Food is what you expect from McDonald's. Trashcan by playground door smells of dirty diapers or rotten milk the last few times I have been here. Android pay is hit or miss here.
Horrible they messed up my order and acted like I was in the wrong and nobody talks to customer they just huddle together and talk about the customer right there and manager that look like Fiona off of shrek was rude giving my order back mad
Fast and clean! Just like a fastfood machine!
Honestly, I feel so appreciated in this establishment. They gave me grape jelly when no else did, if I could rate this place 10/10 I would.
Right now i am waiting in drive through, the lady asking for orders is super rude and she thinks people are here for free food and giving tons of attitude, worst experience am having RIGHT NOW.
They made us wait longer than expekted but the food was good
Great customer service and always have your food made fresh when you order
Came through drive thru at 11:30pm got no response.  Website and stickers on building stated that they were open 24 hours
Ehh, kind of slow and food usually doesn't taste that great.
Every time iv been here the place is really dirty and the employee's lack manners, today the cashier walked away in the middle of my order, which led to my order being incorrect,  the smell in here is really bad.
Yes this was one of the least considerate places ive ever been. Not a very customer friendly place at.
I have a question:Can I work here of 20 years old
Food prepares were using cell phone and placed it on the same table where they prepare food and on the wrapping paper.
I mean, it's McDonald's.  
McDonald   s is not open 24hrs like the 
Health inspector was there and there was no ice it was a mess and if you look underneath the soda machine there's a river or soda under there probably molding
Horrible experience all I wanted was two dollars burgers and it took them almost 30 minutes to finally start on my order
This chain should figure out it's drive-thru method it's so third world country old-fashioned they need to turn on the brain power and figure it out.
Coffee cold ; waited 20 mins for Hot coffee! Mcmuffins edges Hard!!! Just NOT satisfied with overall!!!
This is the WORST McDonalds EVER!!!!!!! Customer a Service here SUCKS. They argue with you. The customer is always right....but at this establishment the Employees are right. Run......Run......never eat here.
Inconsistent in ther preparation of food and pricing.  Instead of charging for meat substitution I was charged like I was adding additional meat.
They took out the kids play area .They consonantly mess up on order ,customers service sucks ,their phone is always busy no one ever picks up.today my number 4 crispy chicken was not even cooked all the way .
Stopped in at the spare  of the moment to get 4 dozen chocolate chip cookies  and they were fresh and fast with my order! Thanks!
The good taste is reel. Worth the try and the money too
Really like the self service ordering kiosk. The restaurant is nicely remodeled.
This place let's my daughter eat whatever she wants after practice, they have good service
God bless the golden arches. Now if they'd get gluten free buns we'd be set set the rapture
Employees are rude most of the time i dont know why...and they always argue with each other when i go in which is very often for the last couple of months and they are always slow
Never gave me back my debit card and their phones dont work so i had to cancel it and order a new one
Friendly quick service but forgets the condiments from time to time. Always check your bag before you leave!!
If you want to get your order wrong this is the place.
They don't give you enough time to order they put to much salt on the fried they are not friendly at all my grandson loves McDonald I go there for him the one on 35 really is awful you have to be told to pull up for decaffeinated coffee come on they give you the wrong.orders just to get rid of you
Not pleased. Service is poor, food was cold. Don't waste your money here.
This place is so not worth!!!!everytime I stop by here, the food is never fully cooked!! and they have bad customer service!
Food was not fresh and the prices have gone up!
good
Never get anything right. I generally go to a further MCD to get better service.
Didnt give my drink in a timely manner and then forgot to bring the straws.
Worst McDonald's I ever been I just left the crew working there is too young not helping each other they gave me my burgers first and we have to wait 5 minutes more for fries worst McDonald's ever
Some of the people that work here are super, super nice. The facilities are in really rough shape and the wifi is pretty awful.
1140 and they said they were closed
Terrible service. Took them forever to aknowledge me as I was the only one in line inside of the restaurant.
Horrible service. Very rude and dismissive but that is what you can come to expect from the people they have working here.
The exit from the parking lot has a huge sign that blocks the view of on coming traffic.
One of the worst in town. Stale buns, cold burger patties, never get my condiments right.
McD's is always a good place to eat no matter what I get
It   s not open 24 h
Great. Fast and now the have frozen cokes and fanta..yes
Food was good, they got my order right, service was friendly. Win!
"Really bad service and little but little sandwich almost 3 dollars
Same  sandwich cost maybe 1.50cents in a same store different location
Sad"
They will tell you they are closed well before 1am
Very convenient, friendly staff, quick services.
Gotta have my small coffee with sugar and cream and can't forget the fresh warm sausage biscuits
The worst McDonald's I have ever been to. The workers dont seem happy to work there.
Very usual McDonald's because you park your car at a station and your food is brought to you. Very nice staffa
Everything is ok but alittle to much salt on the fries
I used to come by here fairly often, but it's gone downhill. The one on 183 by Walmart is better.
We went to the drive thru today and they mest up all our order
Our food was burnt for the second time
This McDonald's sucks go in and order six meals to go and they forgot fries on all of them they are all meals
Really good did not mess up my order
My meal was handed to me before I could fill my drink and made perfectly?!  Keep it up !!
Worst experience ever! ! Consistently!  Without fail........ Brutal? OK.... Go for it ! It's MacDonald's... How bad could it get ?????
Went to order a shake at this location they said McDonald ½ï¿½
They have messed up my order multiple times
Everytime I go after 9 or 10. They always say they ½ï¿
Great manager.the food came out quick.friendly.
Last time I went women's bathroom was nasty as hell scared to sit on toliet with the toliet seat covers.
Every time I come here. I'm disappointed. I've finally learned my lesson; never coming back.
Don't recommend the drive thru.
Acted like they where closed up date times or get better staff
Only  Had water bottles and coffee, no other drinks and they offered no type of discount and on top of that they were rude about it
Messed up my order payed for nuggets didnt get them
Orders are wrong alot or food is not hot or sloppiness prepared
Never can get ur order right
Both lines were long but fast service!
Trashy  drive  nasty drive through. Drove through that 2 weeks ago dead rat at drive-thru still there
Ordered a hot n spicy sandwich and it was drenched in salad dressing.
Service is very poor. Always have something wrong with my order. Zero stars
Clean but slow
Ordered bacon big mac, got a burger with no bacon. service was fast though..probably explains lack of bacon
Lady's look like they don't won't to be there also there's always stuff everywhere but the don't won't to hire people.
Poor service & communication! I will never go back to this location!
Not actually 24-hours. If you go late at night they ½
Service was very slow took 30 minutes to get through the drive through
Stop on weekends some time on the way to work but man is the drive thru so slow. Long wait time..
Nasty service
Since this Mc Dls.is not corporation  ,they don't great costumers  don't even Hi or  thank you
Fast and a guilty pleasure as always, especially that they serve Bfast all day
It was closed how would I know.
I'm starting to think this food isn't very healthy.
Drive Through. Did not give me ketchup for my fries.
People were friendly but service today was unbelievably slow.
Typical fast food
Always attitude never get your order right can't stand that mcdonalds
My salad order was wrong, but the employees were friendly.
Very fast and clean and courteous highly recommend.
No fun,  received wrong order and was made to wait for correction
3 times in a row at 10:25pm no coffe why is that?? Morning shift always has coffe
Horrible horrible service, extremely filthy place and not one individual could speak proper English..shame on you if you bring your kids or family here!
mcdonalds has the best fries n apple pie i abosoulutly love those things there ohh and i love there big macs
They aren't 24 hrs, don't speak English and has very rude employees.
"I love the caramel frappe and
My baby her happy meal"
Great jazz. Good food. Good coffee. Good company. Love the ambience.
I'll never go to a McDonald's. I have not been to one since last year
Nice staff. Food is normally fresh and hot.
It's Mcdonald's, go to In and Out burger or P. Terry's or the million of other better burger places here in Austin or anywhere.
Not open when they are suppose to be 24 hrs very unhappy
Took absolutely forever, then they're card reader didnt work.
"It's McDonald's!
*VISIT @Houseofbeautyaustin @Austin360Cam"
Man these guys are 24 hrs , I came here about 1 am and they said they where closed try someone else , sound like some kids running the show there.
Store is 24 hour, went in at 7:45pm and they were closing? Won't go there again...
Every time I go there I ask for apple pie instead they put cherry pie inside the apple pie container
They don 
Faster than any other mc donalds really small inside
This place is always out of Ice Cream. They also close at midnight when online it says open 24hrs.
Horrible service can never my meal right!!!!!
They never have  Fresh food or my food is missing.
If this was last place on earth and I was hungry.  Then maybe I think about going there. Than maybe I would die before I ever go back this dump
Says is 24 hrs but there was nobody there at 3:10 am on July 19, 2019
I don't know what to say Ronald, your car just went over the cliff. Food was terrible.
Just ate here and it was awful.  Only reason they are in business is the name.
Worst drive thr ever
It's okay, your typical McDonald's gets order right sometimes and wrong.
No one answered drive thru, the employees were on their phones....
Weird experience and not good weird.  I was told no dollar menu however there was one.
Just rude & the food sucks very cold & not cooked
is this mc open? i see its 24 hr but the drive way is always close when i go there
Wouldn't let this Uber eats driver use their restroom
Not quick but fresh, hot, and friendly service!
Friendly staff! And quick with my large order! Thanks!!
Seems like everything about our order was wrong. Ugh
"Locked restrooms just for employees
What is they problems, they have to take costumers"
This is the slowest, most disorganized McDonald's I have ever eaten at. And I have eaten at McDonald's all over the western half of the US.
Always clean and the workers are friendly most of the time.
Good as any Mcdonalds.
Good place for a quick lunch bar snack.
This location sucks manager is very disrespectful employees don't know what there doing.
Its a newer mc Donald's and i never have seen such a dirty place
The manger was so very rude and service sticks
Ever ever coming back here service so bad employes are rude and so are the managers
Can barely taste the espresso in my frappe
They never get your food right at this one. EVER.
The staff was very nice and pleasant and cheerful it was on the one on 290
Shake machine ALWAYS DOWN after Lunch Rush, NEVER dinner time. EXCUSE, AFTER EXCUSE!
The service was excellent and the was HOT and Fresh.
Orders wrong 100% of the time ive been there.
Friendly, always accurate order. Cursors offered.
Young people do not care very much about customer service.
Very fast and packaged great!
Good coffee, free WiFi, excellent non-fox TV news
Nasty food at a cheap price if you are hungry and almost broke.
The customers services was slow and employees was rude dont go there
Always the same in any state! Comfort for sure!
They do not accept coupons from the McDonald's app.
Service is awful need new management  post june 2018
It says 24 hours but they were closed at 4:00am
I hate the way you have to order on computer what ever  happened to the McDonald's
Worst service ever.. Cash only at night.. Serve breakfast after midnight too..
The sweet tea in mcdonals is very delicius, this mcdonals is very clean
Everything was hotAF. Took forever. But good.
I can't believe that the ice dispensing machine IS STILL BROKEN !! ... kinda funny, actually
Yummy frozen Dr Pepper
The staff here does not take orders well
I can't believe you charge for BBQ sauce... No thank you...
Its Mcdonlds what can i say i grew up with happy meals
Horrible service they got my order wrong.
Was ok, they were out of McRib buns!
I like their new way inside.  Miss their playground tho
Slow slow slow
Lobby is not open as website says.
Always dirty and really bad service all around
They always mess up my order!
Good to place eat. At convenient location.
Very rude manager, food was burnt AND cold!
Great food slow service
Omg! I am waiting for 30 mins! Still no one signing
Food doesn't taste the same line it used too
Rebuilt location. Clean. Employees are adequate
Very slow service
Not enough workers, fries old, food took to long.
Terrible costumer service, worst McDonald's ever.
They do pretty good for late late night.
The kids love be the Bigfries and The Check in nuggets
They're so predictable, they've got it down to a science!
Service takes a while but other that it's ok
I eat here far too often
Lousy employees...dirty inside with food on the floor and flies all around the condiments area
Mac's lounge coffee and parfait.  Healing fun.
Very friendly staff and food was good
Pathetic and terrible experience...one cashier during lunch rush
Quick service , but more costly than McDonald in round rock
This place just recently had a arm robbery event so i will not be going back
Great place to eat.
Charge me 25 cent for a sauce and didn't give me
Slow customer service. Only 1 person manning register.
Very bad service.dont waste your time
Real bad,  bad service . Do not recomnend it at all
Fast friendly service.clean bathrooms
This is a McDonald's.  It's a lot like other McDonald's.  No surprises here.
It's McDonald's. You can get mediocre food fast, but it is the quintessential fast food.
Great service. Construction is going on right now.
I can depend on a quality breakfast at 3 in the morning.
Customer service in the evenings is extremely unprofessional.
They aren ½ï¿
Bad customer service.
I got a burger and when I was eating it I found that it had some plastic in it.
Good service and a very clean lobby
Best rest stop for me and energy drain for the grandkids.
Always busy. Play area tables clean.
Order was correct and value was good
Great customer service
Thanks Williams for making me hate McDon
Very good experience for kids. It is also clean.
Great service every time!
Bad night shift service employees hiding from giving service
They always forget to give me something!
Its cool. The order was right.
Clean and staff is so nice!
No cashier's
Very tasty, but I over priced
Great and clean place nice staff
Not sure if they know what they are doing
Big Mac tastes as it did decades ago
This place not clean at all , needs to properly be clean.
They are quick and good service
Food was hot android good.
Watch out lobby closed for remodeling right now
The best and tastiest food in town.
Ok, when is lobby going to open?
"It's McDonald's.

Use the App.. Thank me later."
Come on guys. You are on duty.
Nice employees
Fast service and recently renovated.
McDonald's as usual service was great
Can taste the new oil
Quick service hot food
Long line
No ice, long wait. Bad smell.
Order was accurate and freshly made
They can't get anything right
Smell is out of this world! Gross
Service was speedy and convenient.
I was not at McDonald's two weeks ago
Un orginzed food not good
Consistent and exactly what you pay for
Wait time is crazy long. And there rude.
Could not go inside
Screwed up my order to
Basic McDonald's with basic products and overpriced offerings.
Quick and great cup of coffee
Always missing food in my bag
Went to get breakfast for Mother and me.
No ice cream.... yeah sure
Meh... it's a McDonald's ok?
Coffee sometimes is more water and milk.
The place smalls bad and is dirty
No jalape ½
Waiting 20 minutes dor ice cream
It's Mickey D's lovin it
Good enough.
Excellent service and great customer service
Quick drive thru
It stinks like the pinche dumpster,
You know exactly what to expect.
Its fast convenient and its close by
The manger was really helpful
Disgusting filthy place with rude staff
Service is getting better
Fast service
Change orange juice brand
I like the food I make there
Not too shabby anymore or shady.
The worst McDonald's in Austin tx
Solid, 95% of the time.  
Use the app it's awesome!
Food good
Worst McDonald's in America..
very unprofessional staff.
The food was old and bad
Hot food
I ½ï¿½ï¿½ï
Great fast service
Fast friendly accurate
The service was great.
Fast,ish
Very helpful staff
Good customer service
Fast and good service
So good
Good food
Slow , food is nasty
Always good service
Slow and always out of things
Great fast service
It ok.
Gross McDonald's
Fast food
Great customer service
Its McDonald's buff said.
Very nice Management
Good speedy service
Great hot fries
Kids had fun
No free wifi
Great place for kids
worst service ever
Fast at times too fast
Very poor service
Good deal.
I love Mcdonalds
Excellent
Mc Don't go here
Its ok
Very bad service
Just stopped in for lunch
Same as
Good  
Not clean
Great service
Dirty, slow I hate it
Fast service
Low prices on food.
Got to have  ½ï¿½
Food was good
I'm loving it!
Hot and ready
Fresh hot nuggets
Just like the breakfast
Im lovin it
The service is to slow
Bad service
Just go for the pankakes
Good service
Breakfast
Consistent. :)
Great food
Service is horrible
Nope not the one
Place was poopoo
Dirty
Good service
Favorite store
Love the fries
Good
Oww
Amazing as always
Ok
Service ok.
ýýýýýýýý ýýý
This place is awful
Fresh
Loved
Great
Good
Nice and clean
It was fast
Mm mm good
Taste good
super
Chicken tenders are  
Thanks for being open
Love
Fast foooooodddd
Trash ass food
Good breakfast
Love McDonald's
Slow
Sucks
I loved it
Food
The foods okay
fine bitches
Its mcds..
Long lines
Standard McDonalds
It's Macdonalds....
Not much to it
Terrible place
Its McDonald's
Grandkids stop
Quick bite
Its McDonald's
Its McDonald's
Its mcdonalds
Fresh food
I came here for a Uber eats order and their system was down and they wouldn   t give me a Big Mac sauce for my customer for free because their system was down. It ½ï
My opinion is very simple, I asked and a lady sent me to number 2. I was there for more than half an hour and when I wanted to enter the place they closed the door and I went through the window to remind Mrs. Ang ½lica, who was the one who told me if she wants to come in. and grab her coffee she was very rude and she closed the window for me but this place doesn't give a 
They don't have staff, the ice cream machine doesn't work. They don't have smoothies. Orders take a long time. Definitely very bad service
Horrible service     besides they are very unhygienic and take a long time to attend  ½ï¿
This place is horrible I do not recommend it to anyone. I stopped by for a breakfast for my children and their friends. The bread was spoiled. They should be more careful with their inventory and when giving the food..
Great place to take my kids
From my experience today, they have a bad job with the drivers who do Delivery, they take time to prepare the orders and when they are ready they forget to take them to the drivers, and with an APOLOGY they solve it, they should be more responsible, that is their work like ours is to make the Delivery on time
Well, that's fine, but the machines don't have ice for soft drinks, it's the one inside the Alto Glory Walmart
Unprofessional attitude of the self-service attendant today 07/22 at 10:28 am.
Very bad service they are not friendly and do not want to serve I DON'T LIKE
They always lack something or they don't give you the right order
Terrible service at night for more than 35 min. I wait for my order and they still give it to me incomplete
I like the rewards of the app when I buy something
The worst McDonald's restaurant I've visited, they take a long time and apart from that, they don't even give a dressing, they say you have to buy them
Slow to attend inside, they focus more on window service
It's 4:42 am and it's closed, there's no one
Because I like coffee caramel frappe
Very bad attention slow to serve
Excellent Happy Meal
They are not very friendly and they do not give everything well
Regards Excellent place
Good food and not many people
Very good
very bad service
lousy place to eat
Well, I liked it very well
I love breakfasts, biscuits
Excellent atention
EA sports
It's eight
Delicious
Alright.
excellent
Excellent service
Terrible
Good 
Good 
Good attention
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Sloppy off
Terrible
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Nice
I love
YessGARIL
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Poor 
Excellent 
Good 
Evil
Terrible
No ketchup??
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Terrible
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Terrible
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Poor 
Poor 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Poor 
Terrible
Neutral
Neutral
Poor 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Terrible
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Terrible
Terrible
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Neutral
Neutral
Poor 
Poor 
Good 
Terrible
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Poor 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Terrible
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Terrible
Good 
Good 
The staff messed up my order not once, but twice, and the food was barely edible.
Terrible
Neutral
Poor 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Terrible
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Terrible
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Poor 
Poor 
Excellent 
Poor 
Terrible
Excellent 
The chicken nuggets were overly greasy and seemed like they were reheated, and the staff lacked basic customer service skills.
Terrible
Terrible
Excellent 
Poor 
Neutral
Terrible
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Poor 
"Looks like chicken nuggets bite piece served, change one is not complete cooked. I got terrible chicken nuggets never ever.
Atmosphere is bad needed more organized."
Raw Chicken Nuggets served here! If you want Salmonella this is the place to be. They gave me a refund and kicked me out. I wrote down my number but they clearly wanted to do nothing about it.
Avoid at all costs. Poorly designed driveway. Employees mess up order 5 out of 5 times. Sent back a kids plain ketchup and cheese burger 4 times because they kept  sending out everything but what we ordered: cheeseburger with ketchup only. We  held up driverhru line because of incompetence. Total clown show.  1:10pm
"Went in for a quick breakfast with family but took longer than expected after ordering by self ordering screens. It's tough to drink McDonald's coffee after having tasted other good brands but the food was acceptable.
Few spaces for parking and limited space for dine in.
This place seems popular for early birds going to Universal Studios, it quite busy and thus the long wait."
Very clean, and nice staff! A bonus: One of the people helping me with my order was from Michigan too!! GO GREEN!! And the manager was very helpful. The security guard had hit wits about him.
I always stop in to McDonald's to get a nice ice     ½coffee with 2 pumps of sugar free vanilla. You can't go 
The worse McDonald in LA. Unprofessional stuff and very unknowable manager regards to health and food handling basics. After realizing that the person who was working at the fries station didn   t used gloves at all and he was sticking his finger into each box he needed to fill and touched each fries in a way that is improper and already contaminated. I talk to the manager to ask why the person don   t  wear gloves that it is requirement in the kitchen that produce prepa
Drive through takes forever, never any parking when you decide to go inside to place your order. Kiosks have been down last couple of visits and workers pay no attention to customers(even when they need to pay because of their broken kiosks not accepting payment!) I went inside for a soda and iced coffee and didn ½ï¿½ï
Awesome Sevice, Fresh Breakfast Sandwiches, Thank You
Should have never got in the drive thru line no joke do. Not come here it   s 11:06pm been in this drive thru for over 45 minutes sta
My order is WRONG every time; the most frustrating customer experience. I live near this new location and have visited 6 times since the remodel, and I've concluded that this location is a 120% mess. If all of my orders are wrong I can imagine thousands of others are driving off with incorrect purchases. I ask for no cheese every time, and guess what is in my order.. CHEESE. Or my frys are half full, or the hashbrowns are completely missing, no syrup/ utensils are in the bag as requested. On 3 occasions we were told to pull ahead and park on the side while they remake my order, an employee brings out an incorrect order.. yes 3 times. Today this "New" team member blatantly tells me to go in and take of it... what the hell? Every other time I let the incorrect order slide, but today I decided to speak with the store manager. I let her know politely about all of my incorrect orders, and she replies "Sorry", I then ask "what is mcdonalds doing about this, its every time the order is wrong?" She responds "I'm so sorry"... I ask again and same response.  Meanwhile the woman next to me is asking about the replacement order that she put in ten minutes ago, they apologize to her and say they are going to reinput it.... this new location is a joke, its truly insane that a Mcdonalds is operating like this, and its been a few months since their brand new building opened.
They are going high tech. Unfortunately their equipment is giving problems so it takes a long time to order. Also, there is very little parking.
As always great costumer service and excellent food quality. After paying close attention to the conveyor belt I see the food is made above the restaurant. I think that's pretty awesome. Great costumer service as always. The ladies working behind the counter are definitely doing a great job.
"They forgot half of my order, when I called them back ( it was drive though) the girl that worked there gave me huge attitude, rolled her eyes on me and shut down the window , after new moments have me my bag with NOT CORRECT ORDER still. The most shocking thing was the attitude. Ruined our mood. Do not recommend! There are plenty McDonald restaurants in the area. Definitely avoiding this one.
Tip to owners : don ½ï¿½"
The white guy at the drive thru was good and friendly.  The reception was right.. But when I got my order, it was wrong.  I went inside to get corrected. The cashier and manager had some sort of rival  gang problem. Instead of walking away from the problems. They all started fighting. It was horrible. I won't ever go back there.
The studio city location has the worst service of any restaurant I know of. Drive thru is marginally ok, but inside is chaos. There are people in the kitchen who occasionally come out to the counter to reluctantly help customers. No one is charge. It makes me wish we had a real McDonalds nearby. I left a cold order of fries on the counter because no one called out the order number. Never did get my hamburger. I'm giving them one star because the food is fine, if and when you get it.
I stated at a near by hotel. This was the only thing around open late. Only the drive thru was open. The drive thru took 30 min. When it was my turn to order the cashier skip my lane and helped 3 car from the other lane first.
This McDonald's location welcomed you to experience the taste of the new world order; The Cashless Society and AI placing of meal orders with the 4 order screens. No big menu behind the one register so if you're elderly or suffer from Alzheimer's or just plain don't remember or know their menu like the palm of your hand.... Well Ronald don't care. But do have to say, the food was A Grade Made compared to other McDonald's where they cheat you out of ingredients and the full experience of a meal.
How rude of the driver thus person that worked on 3/15/2023 around 7:50pm we were wanting to get some fries and chicken nuggets and some drinks and hoping to enjoy a amazing meal from this McDonald's but we lost our appetites due to the drive thu person using a loud rude unprofessional tone the worker seemed rushed and we didn't even get our sodas due to the person being so rude. Not ok.
ORDERED A FILET O FISH    KETCHUP ONLY 
There's nothing special about a big Mac. I'm not sure about this location, but I've definitely paid $18 for a big mac meal. Better at better prices elsewhere.
Even after they remodeled with 2 drive-thru lanes, they are not equipped for it. It's super slow that you can order UberEATS and still get it faster. Worse McDonald's ever, and slowest "fast" food in ever.
This is one of the busiest McDonald   s I   ve seen. On the rare occasions when I come here for a coffee and hashbrown in the morning, this place is always packed full of hungry, antsy customers. The staff are incredibly patient and hardworking. McDonald   s customers (myself included) are probably the most annoying customers in the restaurant industry, but
The fries were hot but barely had salt on it. I couldn't taste any flavor
The girl taking our order was so incredibly nice! She was helpful and cheerful and really got our day off to a great start! The food was great and and it was done quickly!
Cashier on turn Apr-30-23 at 9:52a pretend didn't hear when when I asked twice please repeat the order, just told me go to the next window, of course the order was wrong
Always a long line and always slower to get you your order. I don   t think I   ve ever come here at any time of day and been able to work m
I   m glad to see this location is finally open again. Everything in the drive thru was fast, smooth, and consistent with what I expect from a McDonald ½ï¿½ï¿½ï
What a awesome staff that works here ALWAYS smiles and willing to take your order and get it right. Ketsia is just a sweetheart and very attentive to anything that is needed customer service is out of this world.Conrad is wonderful and he has a pleasure to talk to always.
The guys in the drive thru were so nice!  Love the deals too! BOGO!
I bit into the burger and the meat tasted funny and mushy so I cut it in half and it looked like this.
Can't believe this place is brand new and the parking lot is as horrible as it is. This is the worst design I've ever seen. If there are people in the Drive-Thru everyone in the parking lot is trapped in the parking lot.... no menus, no front of store employees and when you do show at the counter, it's like the employees are scared to leave the kitchen like they have high anxiety of actually facing someone or something. You can stand there at the counter forever and no one will ever come
Food is always fresh. My son loves when we head over after school for a little lunch.
After sitting in the drive thru for an hour, spending almost $50, asking for sauces and getting on the highway we discovered 3 missing large fries and no sauces. We returned and received 3 cold fries with absolutely no salt on them. Others were also complaining of incomplete orders as well.
"In contrast to the many radical reviews, this location was slick, modern, new, & clean. Small downstairs because the kitchen is upstairs. At 4:00 p.m. there were about 3 to 4 times more cars lined up to get to the drive-thru than there were people inside. My food was fine nothing too positive or negative.
This IS a McDonald's- not your family BBQ."
This is one of the best McDonalds I have been to. They were closed for several months due to construction. The great food and service has made up for the time when they were not operational. The food is always hot and the Buns so far have been fresh and soft. The best thing about McDonald's are the FRIES!!!!  Their fries are always fresh, hot, and delicious. The best part is they stand straight up in the box just as they do on the commercials and pictures. I don't mind waiting in the sometimes long drive-thru line for fresh food. Thank you for having pride in the food you serve.
Very disappointing after they rebuilt the whole building.  It is supposed to be the most modern of Equipment and yet it was the slowest experience I have ever had at a McDonald's, and only for two egg McMuffins.  Then, the English muffin was burnt on both sandwiches.  The staff definitely did not want to be there.  It is my closest McDonald's but I will definitely be driving the longer distance next time.  Just avoid this spot no matter what.
It took to long to get to the order screen at the drive thru. I don't get why it takes longer at night when it's not as busy than in the day. Its not just st this McDonald's but at all of them.
It's a newly renovated McDonald's, has a very skinny drive thru, so be cautious. It's advertised as 24 hours, but isn't always open 24. Have gotten food here several times since reopening. Every time food has been hot and tasted fresh. Customer service was surprisingly good. Will up date in the future. Trying to eat healthier...you should as well. Fa$t food $hould never be a daily thing. Warning ï¿½ï¿½
It took 1 plus hours to get thru the drive thru.  The drive thru is such that once in line you cannot get out. No one apologised for the abnormal wait time. When I got my food, the fries where cold and the taste old. I usually to not complain about a restaurant but 1 plus hours in a drive thru line is ludicrous. Especially for a fast food establishment.
This place has ZERO customer service. From no one being at the front counter to long waits to get food, to getting your order wrong then getting cold food when they "remake" your order. This is one McDonald's you'll want to avoid going to.
"I ordered from McDonald's and I did not receive my Sausage Egg McMuffin.
The previous times that I have ordered from this location..they have messed up my order."
Had to order at the kiosk. Good was fast and freshly made, great for a quick meal on the go. The interior of the place was very sterile. No menus above the counter. This location was just remodeled too, not liking it at all.
Rebuilt McDonald's on a lot that is way too small. 2 lane drive thru weaves through the small parking lot making it impossible to get out if you parked and ate inside.
Inconvenient parking lot, horrible place to put a McDonald's,  staff was not very friendly or helpful, overall just a so-so experience for the standard McDonald's food.
The drive-thru line takes forever because 1 person does both sides!  But the food is OK, except they always forget the juice box in the happy meal.
I can always close my eyes and count on the flavor being the same decade after decade
Literally the worst they literally never have working registers crazy wait times tonight they didn   t have food?? They said they wouldn   t have any food for another hr.. I work night shifts in the Area and theyï¿½ï¿½
Nice place very friendly. Needs to be a little more quicker. Its very small despite the tall building it was not busy either so the service shouldn't have taken so long
Don   t go. There   s another one up the street. This is the worst McDonald   s to ever exist. It   s actually not even a real McDonald   s. I think the franchise owner is doing their own thing here. the food 
Super Long line drive trough night time this place sucks what a mistake if you have. 45 minutes to spare this is your place
"The new location is attractive.
The staff member taking the orders was great, but the person putting our order together gave us the wrong items.
We paid for an upsize and got a lesser-priced size.

Mcdonald's french fries are outstanding; the rest of what they offer is oftentimes questionable."
Don   t go !  Usually  meals have been sitting around getting cold and stale before being served in drive through.  I even asked server to please get me fresh fries since mine were cold and her response was  ½ï
Never again will I order from here. 2 times ordered mistakes were made. Both were using the app so was apps fault but because they were short staff they could not find time to help and fix my order. Waited 20 minutes to leave with nothing and not even sure my order was canceled.
Great food and service! Cleanest most organized McDonalds I have ever been in!!
We have given this newly remodeled McDonalds a few chances. The only difference is they now can jam more cars in their drive thru. They will still make you pull up and wait for your order and forget that you're waiting. Same problem as before. Having this happen multiple times seems ridiculous and we don't even frequent this place. Location is convenient but not worth it.
The rest room was clean, I was craving French fries plus chicken nuggets and I got them, they were nice and crisp
My experience was ok. They forgot little things in my order, like a straw for iced tea, and cream and sugar that i requested.  The wifi is not available like they stated, when searching for wifi there is no "mcdonals wifi" instead it was a wired name like EBOS. The connection did not allow for simple web browsing.  For a Mcdonalds thats near universal studios. This place is ok.
Worst place ever. We had to ask to clean the table because it   s was filthy. Then they never served our order we waited for 30 min and it results that my order was cancelled because breakfast time was over and no one i
Best customer service we've ever had at a McDonald's and close to, if not the best, service we've had at any restaurant period. Clean, well managed, and unexpectedly a very nice experience with our family of 5 little kids. Thanks for exceptional service!
Mc Food. What do you want? This location works well with the app. They have the best app in quick service
ABSOLUTELY TERRIBLE. I get it   s only food but it   s fast food. We waited over thirty minutes for our food and should be called slow food. We waited at the drive thru first and no one was taking orders then we went inside and had to order on the kiosk because they told us too. Why h
Unfortunately almost everyone that works at the Lankershim and Riverside location are so unprofessional.
I had a miserable experience with this drive thru. Waited 15mins to be told they don't have the McRib or ice cream available. The wait times are ridiculously long. Go anywhere else but this location.
Lines are SOOO long and extremely slow everytime I come here. I don   t know why the staff is so i
Since reopening this location suck big time! Cannot get anything in time, the manager here is very poorly performing, no people to take orders, clean up or just run this place like a restaurant.
"The counter girl was very friendly and helpful! I want to use my app and the girl helped me out. I did have to wait almost 10 minutes to get someone to take my order.
Thank you!"
They need to change the time that they open ,because the door state   s that they open at 6:00 am but when ask employees what time they will be opening they stated that they don ½
Um, so this is not a 24/7 McDonald   s 
This McDonald's is one of the best. The food is always prepared well. I hate waiting in line, but I never have to worry about that here. Yes there are lines but the staff is fast and proficient and I always ask for my meals to be made fresh, although it isn't always necessary. Because of their popularity it always fresh and hot. A good place to stop or pickup a good and hot, fast meal.
Not truly 24 hours. Have been multiple times between the hours of 12am-4am and have been denied service either due to not serving food or not processing payments. Daytime operation is fine.
Claims to be 24 hours but it   s constantly closed. I go for McFlurries so i ½ï¿½ï
I was on drive thru so it was all good
Avoid this drive thru, youll be stuck for 30 mins. My last 3 visits the wait times were off the charts. I give up, off to a different location.
A bit of a long line in the drive thru, but the workers where moving the lines along. They friendly at the windows.
My friend and I ate here together, and we both deem this to be the best McDonald's that we have ever been to. Twice the manager came around to us to make sure that everything was going well. That's a first for me at a McDonald's.
I had a #BigMacAttack glad the sandwich was nearby this hour.
Hot fries and standard fare. Can get very, very busy in weekend nights at the drive through.
Whenever you buy at this location always check your order,  seems that every so often order is missing something.   With the long lines and once I leave the area I don't like to drive back.
They get my order wrong every single time. It's kind of amazing actually.
Clean premises. Professional service. Delicious food. When it's less busy, they'll come up to your table to check on your experience.
High volume drive thru, with heavy wait time. This McDonald's can't handle amount of people that here. If you want to wait a long time for the meal. Then you came to the right palce
I want to return to this McDonald's some day when the pandemic ends. The lobby looks cozy to dine in.
First time back since it was remodeled. The girl in the drive thru was great. Very friendly and personable.
"They always seem to forget something
in my delivery order,  napkins, straws, a whole order of fries. Pay attention , people. Okay this time you forgot a whole hamburger.  I ordered a Big Mac , it's on the delivery receipt , but it's nowhere to be found.  Furthermore, you sent a cookie that I didn't ask for in this order. What's that a consolation prize for losing the Big Mac."
24 hrs. Isn't that enough? Hot coffee? Comfort food.
Worst drive thru set up I ever experienced. No way out unless you go into the drive thru line and wait.
It amazing how many items you can get wrong in one order. Fries were double salted yet undercooked. Soda wasn't what I asked for. Really just bad service from the drive thru, on multiple occasions.  This location does not properly represent the McDonald's brand.
"Paid a visit to see the unique architecture. Inside was small but very clean. They accepted my coupon and my order was brought to my table quickly. No complaints with my food, but it seemed like someone was having trouble with an Uber Eats order.

My cashier was scolded by the manger for being too cold or rude to some co-workers; he kept repeating    treat everyone like an equal ½ï¿"
I   ve already written a review for this place and haven   t been here in a bit but this is an update. The girl taking payments in the first window with glasses, dark hair was rude, and the nuggets I had ordered weren   t warm and taste as if they were sitting out for a while. And to top it off they gave me an opened buffalo sauce !? I can ½ï
Most tables were dirty and sticky. Staff was nice. Just wish they allocated a little more time to the tables.
After waiting in drive through for 20 minutes,  I ordered a filet o fish and large fries with ketchup,  just to get a regular size fries not even filled to the top either , and a  filet of fish with no tarter sauce , and 1/4 of a peice of cheese.  I always check my food right then and there because this location usually messes up drive though orders , and  when I showed them  the employee gave me a attitude and rolled their eyes at me . She even tried to say the fries fell out of the box into the bag . I showed her the bag being empty ,and even made the comment. Even no ketchup.  She then said I had to pull out of the drive through to wait for my order to be fixed it would be 5 to 10 minutes, since my lunch is only 30 minutes, I had no choice but to leave.
The parking lot is one of the worst. All the spots are way too narrow and cramped.
Super clean, super neat, new self service is great, my son loves it, search deals!!! Take advantage of them!!!
"Food was hard and cheese danishes were hard
Workers forgot to give me water bottles.
They were just talking and seemed like they weren ½"
Good coffee, excellent food, nice people.
Good fast service..went in ange cl was awesome in da drive thru...be back soon
2 lanes, moves super fast.
"Just ordered two large drinks and two large fries. Both drinks taste wonky as if the syrup in the machines are off. And to top it all off, they had me pull to the side to wait on 2 (TWO) large fries.

Won't recommend this location to anyone looking for decent McDonald's food/drinks. Makes me glad I only ordered fries and drinks, I'd hate to see what else they'd wreck."
"Used the app to order, but took 30 minutes to get it to me at the counter. That's way too long. Tons of people got served before I did and my order was placed well before the other customers showed up. The only thing going for this place is that it's 24Hours drive through. And dont use the app, relaying orders to individual stores may have some bugs.

08/15/21
Update: this place is torn down. The building razed and the lot surrounded by fencing. I guess the bums from the nearby overpass finally took its toll. Too bad cuz the 24 hour drive thru was pretty convenient."
Newly renovated. Not a McDonald eater. Had some free time so I decided to have a cup of coffee with pie. Loved it.
This location should have stayed closed. Why do they have a re-opening sign when they're only operating for drive thru. What about the pedestrians? The ones who can't drive? At least I was able to walk in and  order food before they remodeled. I live less than a mile from here and I can't walk over and physically order food? And why is there a parking lot if we can't walk in. And how rude the associate was that I basically should have known better that they were only running the drive thru? You're better off going to the one on burbank Blvd. Who puts a double lane on a drive thru and doesn't expect problems? This isn't it McDonald's... 20 minutes sitting in a drive thru...
Employee at the first window was very helpful and he made sure my order was right however the girl at the second one ignored me and looked confused. The muffin sandwich bread was stale and very tough and the hash browns were cold and also tasted like they sat on a shelf for way too long. After 2 bites I threw it in the trash and purchased a sandwich from a near by gas station much better food). I'm from out of town and on my way to a meeting so returning wasn't an option.
"I had quite possibly my worst McDonald's experience ever here. After ordering a sausage egg mcmuffin with a biscuit instead of English muffin, the order taker said

""ok I'll punch it in so it comes out a good deal for you.""

Um... Ok...

When I got the order it ONLY had egg. I politely informed the person at the drive through window, but they refused to correct the order, saying in a absolute terms that this is what I ordered and if I wanted what I ACTUALLY ordered I'd have to get back in line and place a new order!!

What the hell???

I won't be coming back here!"
Good location. I went in as the drive thru line was a little long, must be a busy area. I got my food quick, I only had to wait a couple of minutes, I was not even able to fill up my drink cup before my food was done. The staff was quick and friendly.
I'm not sure what's wrong with this location, but half the time I go there the food I get is old and cold. Today I went through the drive-thru and they had a rush, there were about 10 cars ahead of me. So I'm not sure how they can serve me cold food when they're constantly feeling orders. Just extremely disappointed with this location. I ordered a big Mac combo and the big Mac was cold and the fries were even colder
The employees just kept screaming the n word. I wasn   t even trying to eat here, I was just walking by. A
"Great service! Food is hot and fresh!
Im loving it!  ½ï¿½ï¿"
It was clean. It was not too crowded. The items I ordered were up fast. It's a place to go when you don't have a lot of dough and not a lot of time. I try to eat healthy but sometimes you just need something fast.
"First time to this location, came at night (between 10pm and midnight) and was pleasantly surprised how fresh everything was and made to order, the fries were fantastic and my GF loved the Oreo McFlurry.

Will be back when I get my next craving!"
"The worst place in the valley
Nasty personal,nigth time manager it's the more inefficient person to rule a place,no brain,incredible how this person work in a restaurant. Never comes back."
All I ordered was 2 mcribs for $6 drive-thru. They asked me to pull into parking lot and wait. Ended up waiting 25 minutes before I got my order. They claimed the manager couldn't find me. It is a very small parking lot. The manager didn't try very hard. I ended up calling them to remind them about my order. They came out with the same mcribs and handed them to me by this time the were slightly warm and very soggy. The only explanation I got was we're so sorry. I just left immediately otherwise I would have lost my cool if I stayed. Ended up just throwing my order away after one bite. Lost my appetite.
Bad Service Bad Attitude! Gave me the wrong drink and charge me for 2 sandwiches when I ordered one. I was in a hurry to the office (around 8AM) and I didn't have time to argue. When I got to second window and I was handed the bag and the window shut by someone who looked like she'd rather be anywhere but there. Terrible service.
Decent McDonald's, newly rebuilt, quick drive through.  Sometimes food's been under heatlamp a bit long though.
I only eat McDonald's once or twice a year, and after 22 years in the neighborhood this location is - in my experience - the best of the chain within a mile of the length of Ventura Blvd.  Fries have always been fresh.  Service has always been efficient.  Don't let long lines scare you.
This McDonald's is fast and very easy to get in and out of.
This McDonald 
"Ordered 4 pies through doordash. The bags come sealed so I know it's not the drivers fault. They only put 2 in the bag, so half the order was missing!!
Called to see what's up, Christian basically told me 'too bad, nothing I can do'"
I've given this location a few chances over the last two years and while the drive thru is fast, the drinks taste wrong every time. Something about their soda machine is just not working like other locations and hasn't been for a long time.
This McDonald's is garbage. Dirty. No soda. Only take orders from 1 of the 2 lanes. Nope.
This is one of the best McDonald's. Place is clean and it gets quite a bit of traffic. Parking is tight but the drive thru(24 hrs) is short. The staff is mostly young professionals and they represent themselves well. Great fast food.
Little bit of a wait but that's pretty much everything in LA chicken came out hot and they remembered the sauces. The location didn't look too shabby but if they had a larger parking lot they could probably not contribute to the traffic on the street.  It's McDonald's not a chic-fil-a  you get what you pay for
Nice clean location. Customer service was super friendly and professional. Nice seating available. Outside seating also available. This location has 24 hr drive through. Overall great experience. Keep up the good work!
"TERRIBLE. Got our orders wrong and when I got home it was missing my entire meal...
NEVER WILL I EVER RETURN HERE.

Manager Rosalina or Rosaline is terrible as well she is clueless and she has no idea how to repay or provide refund for this mistake. She called back saying she can   t do anything I   m too busy I can ½ï"
This place has changed for the worse in the past few months. Previously well-staffed with courteous people. Now they don   t even look at you when you place your order. Not even simple please and thank you. I guess the cream of the crop left and moved up. Now it   s staffed by stoner high school dropouts! They co
"There   s a young man here that goes by the name of Muhammad. He is extremely rude!! Not an exaggeration.
He has no concept whatsoever of customer service. He pointed at me and started demanding me to walk over to him because of a mistake he made. He ½ï¿½ï"
"Every time I've eaten there I've never seen an employee clean or wipe down a table.  Always sticky and I've had  to use water and napkins to clean the tables before eating.  I'd think they would at least watch and take care of this situation.   Also, very drafty from AC over tables and if you want to have warm food eat fast.   I've asked if they could turn the AC down a bit, but they said they couldn't.
Picking another MD now."
Carlos, the young man running the front, was so friendly and all smiles even though he was getting overran and I myself was a bit of a problem for him as I had 5 kids who ordered 10 minutes apart from each other and changed their order twice. He still managed to take it all in stride and got us our food in a reasonable amount of time and with a smile on his face!
"A little small for my taste. It is one of the older McDonalds, so it doesn't have outlets.
The staff is great, though! There is one dude that works in the morning that is always so nice, and it seems like he never has a bad day! None of the staff (as far as I have seen) discriminate against homeless people. Their humanity gets them the extra star!"
Beware of the parking, it is very crowded and the drive through is inconveniently located  very closely to row of cars backing up and when gets crowded, if you are backing up you may have to wait or  even worse get hit by a car backing up (I actually saw this).  Not a big fan of McDonalds food, but the fries are classic and a tea no sugar is refreshing.  My order is always small fries and large tea no sugar.  Service is always great.
"The drive thru girl lied to me and the mgr stepped in to assist and the next time I went there, I started out happy and said hi
She did not answer....wierdo!

Not cool to hold grudges.  I don't.  Every day, is a new day and a chance to clean up messes.  She could fix it and apologize but, she chooses to ack like a child!"
This place has clean restroom. The parking is free but is mostly full and requires some wait to park. The dining area is not so big but clean. The cashier was friendly and welcoming. I like that breakfast was served all day.
I was there this morning at 10:00 a.m., thinking about ordering breakfast and coffee. The woman on the intercom wasn't really friendly and did not explain to me why they were not serving breakfast at this time. I thought breakfast was served throughout the day no matter what but I guess I was wrong. I've never had an issue with this McDonald's but this was a first and disappointing
"Google keeps bugging me to review it, so here goes:    It's Mcdonald's. You know what you're in for when you go.  There's always a 50/50 chance that your fries will be hot and delicious, or cold and nasty.  I'll only add that this particular McD's suffers from being next door to one of the largest homeless encampments in LA.  Be prepared to be asked (usually politely) by a transient for food.
Of course, this isn't really the fault of the McDonald's, and I'm not making any judgements. I eat here frequently, since it's just off the freeway near my house, and McD's in general has improved their food over the past few years."
"This Asian guy on the second window asks me to drive to their parking area because the order is not ready and said he will bring it to me. I waited for 10 minutes in the car and he never brought it.  I decided to walk in the restaurant, they had the bag just laying there.

Why would he ask me to wait in the car if he never planned on bringing it to me??  Bad service!"
It's McDonald's. Their menu is growing, and has a number of new additions that look to be a bit healthier, but I come for the comfort of a Big Mac or Whopper.  This location is situated in an area that limits parking, and the drive through fills up the the point where it causes issues on the street. There's minimal seating (although I've always found a table). It is clean, and the staff the normal level of friendly and helpful.
"My whole order was a lost, the oatmeal was not closed correctly and so all the order got wet and the oatmeal did not cook right .Then, they didn't even supply me with spoons. I asked for cream and sugar in my coffee, and they gave it to me black and  they got upset because asked them please add what I had asked for, in my coffee.
I ordered two breakfast burritos and they were cold, it's frustrating how bad some employees are trained they don't have any pride on what they do, nor care about service they provide is just a shame."
As always, McDonald's prices are good for your pocketbook. Bought it for my three little friends and they were very full. And my wallet was very happy. Very friendly employees as well.
We ordered our food (It was free egg mcmuffin day) and before we even sat down they brought it to us, clearly it was made before we ordered. It was cold in the middle. They proceeded to stare, whisper, and laugh at us. I was uncomfortable eating the food, afraid they had spit in it so we left without touching a thing.
Soda was just fizzy water. Burger was undercooked. Fries were good and hot.
Although it took longer than I expected to dine on, there was actually service and concern from the attentive  staff. And I really like the burgers. I get a qtr pounder with cheese and dont eat the  bottom bun.  To cut carbs. If you do it quickly the cheese doesn't melt so it very easy to go openfaced!
What more can you say about McDonald's. It's what it is and their prices just keep getting higher. Fast food used to also be remotely inexpensive. Now they think they are fine dining with their prices going up quarterly.
Lazy people very rude when they fall behind which is alot they dont use the register and wont help with kiosk they need new staff
I'm giving this McDonald's location a 3 star rating. This was due to the fact that their fries weren't all that great and meat was a bit oily in the quarter pound burger. I've also noticed that the quality of their buns aren't what they used to be. Not sure if I'm the only one who's noticed the change.
It took several minutes for someone to take our order, then our order took forever and was wrong. My Mc muffin was rock hard and instead of the cheeseburger my friend ordered he received a Mc chicken with cheese. they were out of sweet tea and the little straw trash bin on the soda fountain was bursting out and spilling into the ice catch. This facility is dirty, packed both inside and in the drive thru, and is obviously understaffed.
"They got my order wrong... This happens often.

To make things worse they are very inefficient. Ordered a small fries, they served 10 other people before I got mine. Seriously, fill up a small bag with fries while you await other order burgers. I used to worl at McDonalds 10 years ago and know how it should be run. Horrible!

Ironically two other individuals complained about their order while I waited and one got into an argument with the manager over cold cheese."
The drive through at this McDonald's has always been busy every time I've gone.  It's honestly worth driving a little extra to another location if you are in a hurry.  I've been stuck in the drive thru line for over 15 minutes on several occasions just ordering a single cheeseburger.  Granted, compared to In and Out that's nothing, but this is McDonalds.  That aside, the interior has always been pretty clean when I've went inside.  If you go for breakfast on the weekends, once again, be prepared to wait.  They do take Apple Pay and Android pay!  The one time I used it, the person behind the counter actually knew what it was.  So many places tell you they don't have it but just don't know what it is.  Another big plus is the drive through is 24 hours.
It's a McDonald's like any other.
I am so happy and glad that they finally reopen. And a new remodel is amazing really nice.
Great, friendly, efficient service for a quick bite in the car. The fast food was served piping hot and the sauce to meat ratio was on target...French fries were seasoned perfectly with just the right amount of crunch.
Cool new McD's with the kitchen on the Top floor.  Needs sum better decor very plain
"The staff who took our order doesn't have customer service. Very impatient. In fairness he is so quick taking our order and he knows his menu.
Sad that frappe machine doesn't work.
No choice as thia is the only place that's open for breakfast here at universal."
I ordered a Mcdouble, which was on their outside drive thru menu. When it came up on the order screen it was shown as a Bacon Mcdouble, I told them that I just wanted the regular Mcdouble, no bacon. So all they did was note NO Bacon, and still charged me the full price for a Bacon Mcdouble. When I got to the window I clarified again, but was told they didn't have that in their system, and that I had to pay the full price for the Bacon Mcdouble. I asked ro talk to the manager who then told me they didn't have what I ordered. I told him to go out and check his menu, because it was on there. He told me he didn't need to, that it was not on the menu. He was very rude and dismissive. I realize it is just a few cents difference, but why should anyone pay for something they didn't order, especially if what you ordered is on the menu. I see no reason to be treated so unprofessionally, and rudely. I don't recommend visiting this McDonalds, luckily there are plenty of others near by who treat people with respect.
"Drive thru order was botched. We paid for two milks and upon arriving home, discovered that there were no milks and instead of the healthier grilled chicken that my wife ordered, she was unable to eat the crispy chicken that we received due to dietary reasons...what a waste. Hopefully somebody got the milks we bought-

Avoid the drive thru at all costs! This was not the first time; and we should have stopped and checked the order-

Never again"
I just left there 10 mins ago and my fries were horrible. They weren't even fresh and definitely something I would NEVER give to a customer
Got the spicy nuggets, everything was great! HUGE shoutout to Michael on staff, legendary experience with him!!
It's McDonald's but not too bad considering they just completely remodeled the place. The kitchen is now upstairs and it has smaller foot print with a bigger more organized parking area.
Had a terrible experience from start to finish.. An order taker in the drive thru even though there was not a back up- he interrupted my ordering- got it wrong(i corrected him)- the cashier had it wrong(i corrected him)- then they handed me the wrong order- then the fish sandwich was burnt and tasted old and the chicken nuggets tasted like very bad chicken.. Worst McDonald's experience ever.
I asked for a peppermint mocha and all was well until I realized the hot cup they served it in was cold by the time it was too late and I was already home. Drive thru service not the best when you have to yell out the order multiple times.
As far as a McDonald's chain restaurant would go I can say that this is a decent location it's really a McDonald's so I don't know how much you could realistically expect out of a place like this you know a fast food chain but the food here is on par with any other McDonald's is there The drive-thru is relatively quick which is good
As far as McDonalds go, this is a pretty good one. Know how I can tell? Fries are *always* blistering hot.  I live near this McDonald's and I don't have to force myself to come here even though I pick up food 2 or 3 times per month. Stuff that's supposed to be hot is hot; stuff that is supposed to be cold is cold. As far as the service goes, here's the amazing thing: mostly millennials are working here .... and the service is still good! If you are in the area and hungry, I recommend this McDonald's....but please don't tease the Millinials they get spooked easy and stampede.  Thanks.
It's a little bit hard to get in and out of the parking lot other than that everybody is very nice and it's a good facility they don't run as many specials or deals like by two or buy one get one free on the breakfast sandwiches and stuff like a lot of other McDonald's do so that's why I didn't give him five stars other than that the place is clean and they're good
My brother and I tolerate it because it's close to us and it's open when no one else is.  But. .. you get the loonies showing up there. Homeless wandering in and out filling up for free their gutter cups at the soda machine. Smells, psych ward cryouts and who knows what else are the norm so do yourself a favor and order by the drive through and get the hell out quick.
bad night. went for a burger. got trapped in the drive thru. took almost ten min to get to the order screen, only to find out their grill was down. and they aren't cooking meat, just nuggets. trapped for another ten minutes, for a total of almost twenty minutes with nothing to show for it. things happen, just put a damn sign up.
McDonald's is awesome, get the app with that you can get 99 cent large iced coffee!
Small but very busy McDonald's location with a drive thru.  They offer their standard menu and service is reasonably fast.  They do have extra attendants working the drive thru during busy hours to try and move traffic along.
I ate so many big mac. A  Lot. 4. I love mcdanal an big Mac plz
Happy it ½
The new design is futuristic. Self-order, no register, sleek design, compact. Impressive.
The rudest and least compentent staff I   ve ever found at a Mcdonald ½ï
t's fast food they take like 20-30 for an order and all the tables are dirty
It's McDonalds. If you don't know to check your bags before you pull away then you've never been to a fast food restaurant before. The service was friendly and the new menu items are fun to try. Seriously though it doesn't deserve one Star reviewing... I've been to some true one Star places and this isn't one of them.
Small McDonalds. Clean. The restrooms were locked and I had to find somebody to let me in. That always frustrates me. The place had about 50% of the staff needed to meet the crowd.
Small and cramped inside always seems busy. Parking lot is small too, but drive through delivers standard menu mostly reliably. Easy access to freeway at this location too.
Stopped here on the way to LA. Every employee i talked to had TERRIBLE customer service. Everyone there looks miserable. I heard a man ask to enter the mens restroom to just wash his hands while they were cleaning, the person cleaning refused and then he asked the lady at the register if he could ask the person cleaning to let him inside the restroom and she told him to go to the womens restroom with a huge attitude! Really rude workers.
This place has a small parking lot, but the inside is generally clean and cool. The soda machines Diet Dr Pepper tastes a little off, other than that the service is good and the food is well put together.
So/so McDonald's but it's the closest to the house. They could do a much better job of cleaning it and also getting rid of the vagrants the sit for hours. If you're looking for friendly service, don't bother but it's mcdonald's, who come for the service. They drive thru is fine but gets way backed up
This isnt IN n OUT and people do actually want to look at the menu... so having your employees stand outside in the hot sun... around the corner from the full menu... taking orders with an out dated sandwich board is pretty ridiculous. (I ordered a #7 from the board... which was a #6 in his tablet) so my order was wrong...Why can't we simply order thru the box like normal drive-thrus McDonald's
Hey what can I say? But!!!!! Sure make not just good - Damn good hot French Vanilla Latte with whipped cream on top! I like it so much they recognize my voice coming thru the drive thru in Sherman Oaks. The only thing I like better is when someone brings it home to me and we put just a timble full of Bristole Cream, or Kalua, or my fav-o-rite Pennsylvania Dutch Egg Nog in it! Oooh weeeee! Better watch that Penn Dutch. Sure will creep up on you though!
They know how you make early morning coffee taste yummy to the last drop.
Never a correct order - last night they forgot to put patties on both kid's hamburger buns, the kitchen timers are always beeping, not very clean, parking is limited. Staff is friendly. Kids like it so we'll continue to come here.
I used to work across the street so I would go there quite often. Usually quick. On occasion I would wait 20 minutes to get my order. Otherwise good service.
Slow. All. The. Time. I have never come to this location and quickly got my good and out, it's always this long process (just for my order to be wrong).  I wish they put in the attention to detail that the Studio City location puts in.
Went in here to us the restroom, since im working outside, got a no. Thank you coffee been for the yes. To show my appreciation, I bought a drink.
Worst McDonalds ever. Staff try but automated and crowded
Drive-thru. But just afterwards I found out the news that McDonald's is supporting terrorists, Hamas, and suddenly against Israel. So I won't be going back to McDonald's until that changes.
This McDonald's ice cream machine has never once been broken anytime I've ordered ice cream, and that's literally the most I could ask of any fast food establishment.
My fa our place for coffee. Always we make sure we get the senior coffee.
It takes forever to get breakfast here, every time inside and out
Cold nuggets.  Homeless people just walking around cars.
Terrible, floor was disgusting and no one cleaned it after asking, even the tables were left a mess that my family had to clean ourselves. Unfriendly atmosphere and employees looked at us in anger despite just walking in. Would not recommend anyone this establishment
Very happy. That old prejudice of food places regarding "no substitutions" is finally being put to rest, and this particular McDonalds location is at the forefront of that movement. They really do try to accommodate people,for instance, who love pancakes and eggs, but don't eat pork. Hold the sausage but you like hashbrowns? No problem! Hooray! Maybe Jack Nicholson will come in and order a turkey sandwich.
Took 40 whole minutes from the time I entered the drive through before I got my food.
Super clean. Amazing customer service and the vibes here are really great. This location is in my top 3 favorite McDonald restaurants.
didn 
The guy taking our order for drive thru (he was standing outside taking orders) was really nice and helpful.
Service member that took my order was my lifesaver this morning. God bless you and your family plus staff members. #framily
It's a McDonald's so the food is very consistent. Unfortunately, the parking lot is impossible to use since the drive through wraps through it. I've been stuck in the parking lot for 20 minutes with no way to get out.
Bad exsperence two days in a row no mc rib! Drive through slow no matter what time i go there. Fries old on several different occasions. Isaac the night manager was sweet!
My burger was fresh cooked, perfect in every way. The fried were hot. Fast friendly service. Great mc donalds.
"Upon leaving this McDonald's on Friday morning. I turned around just in time to see a  Rat, Not a mouse ,A GINOURMOUS RAT!!
I Kid you not, this Heavy Hitter was the size of a Men's Shoe Size 12!!!
I was amazed at how tame it was...
Kinda scary the way it just lingered in the parking lot without a worry in the world.
Maybe It was Stuart Little and was waiting for his food in the drive thru.
Unsure , either way, If you come To this McDonald's you might be blessed with his Presence..
Enjoy your McMuffin!! ï¿½ï"
It was very busy for the time I came in. I had a 15 minute wait on my food
Third time this year that the drive thru got my order wrong, and I've only been four times!  And the manager expected me to get back in my car, drive back to the restaurant and wait in line again to get it fixed- I don't think so!
This location always seems to be on top of their game.  The drive thru line at rush hour goes quickly and the servers are friendly and efficient.  Love this McDonalds!
Gross bathrooms, you know it's sketchy because they have security outside of it.
Not a good service nd i asked for ranch nd ketchup they didnt served me anything just becus they wanted to have a fast drive through
Like stepping back into the 70s.. this place hasn't been updated for many decades by the looks of it. Very old fashioned. Food a little greasy and saltier than other McDonald's branches I've been to.
"I guess for a McDonald's, it deserves 5 stars because it was perfectly a normal McDonald's, but it is still the lowest common denominator when looking for food, so...

Don't expect ""more than McDonald's"", but it was clean and the food was hot."
Loved it ordered the new beacon extreame burgar without onions. Nice choice from Spain. The lobby is clean and neat and the service is quick.
EV rude, manager lady also rude.
Very good service my 1st time here ..me and my kids are in a vacation so we decided to eat here and the greetings and food quality really good i give it 5 stars .. Recommend to come here.
Tried calling to find out what the Happy Meal toy is today for grandson. The phone has been busy for 45 minutes. Must be off the hook. Going elsewhere.
It's open 24 hours (the drive through at least) so you can get that item your craving for day or night! Good service & friendly staff!
The afternoon crew over there is very ignorant and arrogant! I don't know if that was just an incident or that's there normal but It was unpleasant to order from them!
Super slow service  
Today 3/18/2022 restaurant is closed for renovation no date when will reopen, but Google maps shows as open 
Best McDonalds ive ever been to. Food was very fresh and well made. Service was timely considering the amount of customers that were waiting. Will definately be back!!
The McDonald's I just went to was so filthy I didn't even eat there. The parking lot was disgusting all around the outside of the building was really filthy. Inside was better but not by that much.
People brought their own food to this place (like 12 people) yams and hard boiled eggs and ordered2 sandwiches and 12 coffees and too all the tables.  People were complaining but management did nothing
The food there sucks, it is so tasteless & I've even got a sausage mcmuffin here & it wasn't done, plus the coke is really bad.. no coke just seltzer water... never again
Parking lot is very small and the drive through is in the way of the back row parking. This place is to busy during my visit find another fast food place near by unless you really 2ant mc donalds.
Cold burgers disgusting looking and tasting meat, the fries were the only     ½
It's McDonalds. They are consistent but they can't seem to get orders right.
Hot and fresh in the throws of a lunch rush. Best Quarter Pounder i've had in a minute
Slowest drive thru ever, avoid at all costs
Do not eat this food. It will kill you. Is not even food. If there was -5 stars, I would give it that. If you feed the stuff to your kid, there's something really wrong with you.
Just left... asked to make sure to add flavor to my iced coffee cus last time they didnt.... well... I got plain iced coffee again!!!
Food was warm and as expected. The staff though...whew, ya kinda get the impression they don't want to be there.  
"It was McDonald's!  The service was fast and friendly.  The food was good and most importantly the FRENCH FRIES were HOT!!
NOTHING WORST THAN COLD FRENCH FRIES! !"
my country men was serve and assist my order.  thankz
Used drive-thru around 2am just to find out that they were only taking cash because the card terminal was not working. I only had a few bucks cash to spend and I even got my oder wrong. Terrible experience! 
Chicken tenders were hard as rocks. The bun on the buttermilk crispy chicken sandwich was burnt inside and hard. Could not eat!
The usual McDonald's clean, very busy, parking is not great it is a very active drive thru. I was able to park but getting out was harder.
This is my go to McDonald   s and it ½ï
excellent place to dine fast service
Love stopping through here before or after work! The restaurant is smaller many, but makes up for it in Customer service and accessibility.
Went through the drive through was good service and fast inside looks big and spacious in case you prefer to eat inside
Great Customer Service Friendly staff. Got My Order Done in A Timely manner. Thanks MCDonalds Staff.
The worst McDonald's to get breakfast really early in the morning I always go try to get breakfast around 4 in the morning and there card reader is never working I don't understand how every day at 4 a.m. they can't accept debit or credit card this is been going on for a very long time
This was one of the worse experiences I've ever had.  We sat in the parking lot for 20 minutes waiting for our order.  They forgot about our order.  Then when I got it, it was missing stuff.
This place has changed a lot.They forget about your order or forgets certain things in your order.Now there are more homeless's.Now there are teenagers working there and messing up your order.My grandma asked for a ice cream cone but they gave her a cup instead.I recommend going to a different McDonald's for right now until they fix the problems.
How do you mess up this many orders? And the fries were weird. Just go to a different McDonald's
Always quick and easy out of this location They managed to keep this place very clean
It appears this location burned down or was leveled for reconstruction.  There is no building only steel support beams and a fence around the lot.
It's fast food right? But the service was friendlier than you'd normally associate with fast food and that was from interacting with three different
They have a new menu board now finally with accurate food on it... but my nuggets weren't fresh and they forgot my sauces and napkins
Always buy my ice coffee here usually it's perfect but a few times it taste really watery or over loaded on cream/milk or even vanilla flavor
The standard McDonald's menu, the staff is friendly the restaurant is clean. They do get busy and sometimes they get a little behind but not a lot.
The new rebuilt mcdonalds looks nice, also 2 drive thru lanes now.
It's not a great place but it's not too bad of a McDonald's to just go in & have a quick meal to eat there or take it with u
Dining room has gnats Told employee but no reaction Maybe the gnats amoing others is why i raely go. Was in a giant hurry only reason
Drive thru was fast with 3 point contact. Order taken in line, payment window then pick up window
Good service and got us everything quickly.
We always have fun at McDonald's
Nice customer service free Wi-Fi and they even have outside seats small parking lot though. Overall good experience.
Very friendly staff and quick service. One of the better McDonald's I've been to.
Waited about half an hour in the drive thru.  They informed us they could only accept cash.  No sign telling us that before pulling in.  Don't go here late night.
Same as any other Mc Donald's in the world, a lot of the homeless comunity visits there so it's good to always give them a hand
Meh? It's Mickey D's, but to u old farts out thr: ask 4 the Senior Coffee, like 69 cents & just as good as Starbucks!
Good food.
Besides the guy with the meth pipe going through the trash the food is as expected. It's not McDonald's fualt there is a methademic
I went to the store today and asked for a sausage McMuffin and they said they didn 
Friendly and fast. No issues
Quick service friendly staff food was yummm... and the two breakfast sandwhiches for $4 is awesome!
Disrespectful Employees, piss-flavored nuggets, somebody forgot to flush the toilet avta they've tooka SHET, my a**h** is nicer than this restaurant.
I am giving this a low rating because it is at an intersection that is not easy to get in and out of. The parking lot is tiny and you just can't work with it.
I went today, 11:15am, asked for the free big Mac/maccoin, they said, they were not authorized, 08/02/2018
Made a quik stop during lunch hour rush and was in ans out of there fast with great sevice and freshly cooked fries and a bomb oreo shake.
Fast service, friendly, bathroom wasn't available, over all thank you
Good food. But the area has so so many homeless people. Be careful after dark
Place is too small. Once you order I waited for my food and I really didn't have anyplace to stand without getting in someone's way.
Bad customer service, rude, they lie about giving u condiments. Food is usually missing when u get home.
Drive through is faster than walk in. Food is good for McD's.
Very good service and my food came out really quick good coffee and quality food
Very friendly fast counter personal..always willing to make sure your order is correct
I've never had a problem at this location. The best employees thus far
The Place was okay, excepting the bathroom,  i know it's difficult have that clean and beauty but could be better conditions
The second story is a lie. There is only 1 floor.
Long wait times for simple orders. Poor management. Unacceptable cleanliness standards.
Open 24 hours in the dining room as well as the drive-thru. And WiFi, too! Thank you McDonald's!
They do an amazing job here in the mornings to get all us busy people in and out quickly!
Unhealthy and poisonous food. Acidic lack of nutrients. Nothing but fat and carbohydrates. Food should be illigal, period
Ay listen here, this place gets 5 stars err day of the week. Tuesday to Monday. Real fries realfries real frys
Cold fries. Incredibly long wait for 3am (were talking 20 min for each customer). And incredibly horrendous customer service. AVOID THIS PLACE!!!
There is an "entrance fee", upon entering and exiting the drive thru. LOL
Says 24h but they were closed at 2am (including the drive through)
Great job at this location, from Orlando, Fla tourist.
McDonald's in North Hollywood very good customer service you got to deal with the homeless a lot right there though a good McDonald's to go to
They don ½ï
Did the mobile order thing I asked for extra onions and got none at all that's how difficult it is for these people to understand English and even said it on the receipt extra onions
ýýýý ýýýý trash
Fast and efficient.
We got mcdonald's then we drove to San Diego and than I proposed to my wife at tuna park.
Small but friendly and clean.
Don't come to this mc Donald's. They always takes forever to prepare your food and constantly passes people in front of you
Great food.  Slow / bad drive-thru setup.  2 lanes into 1
Went thru the drive thru and they forgot 2 fries and reversed my request I asked for no lettuce they gave me lettuce only.
I don't really eat food at Mcdonalds but I stopped in there frequently for their hazelnut iced coffee.
Worst drive thru, took 26 minutes to get order. WORST McDonald's in the world!!
McD's is always a good time, but this time was great! All thanks to the cool staff!
Park lot was very small and congested, I was stuck for 10 mins. Employees are very arogant too.
I got my order wrong twice first they gave me coffee instead of hot chocolate and then I said no ketchup on my burger and it had ketchup probably not going there again
McDonald 
20 minute wait for 2 egg McMuffinsï¿½
Kinda Slow Service and a very small restaurant but the food here comes out decent
Their prices are up snd transactions are down. There are better fast food alternatives
always cheerful and always helpful. great service. the only downside is OVER RUN BY HOMELESS PEOPLE all the time!
Ice cream machine always broken. Very low quality location.
Long drive thru line, very fast service. Impressive
This is my favorite place fair prices good food and the best crew
Would have got five stars but they were out of ice cream cones... Boo!!!
This place is dirty and has many flies. Smh bad service as well.
Its McDonalds.  Drive through is narrow and has a sharp turn, but other than that one thing, it's your standard McD's.
I had to wait for a coffee 30 minutes    not a good experience I
They forgot put gogur and SOS in happy meal.and today did not put toy
Go to this McDonald  regularly,  most of the time they forget something,  straw, napkin, sauce,  etc.
Most of the time it takes so long to get your order and so far it has only been this McDonald's
Very very slow took a long time be completed,  unorganized but we're very nice employees
This location has friendly staff but has one of the slowest drive thru in Los Angeles.
Long line in drive-thru. Machine not working for atm or credit card. Very sad for such a huge company.
This McDonald's is kicking ass and taking names. Puts the others to shame. Love this location.
Avoid it if you can. The service is terrible; some employees need to go back to training to enhance their costumer service skills.
Didn't expect such great drive-thru so early in the morning.
Just like all McDonald's!  Nothing special! Always ask for fresh fries!
Night service suck and manger has an attitude. During the day. No problems
It's ok if you want something fast the people are friendly.
I had forgotten to order my cheeseburgers without onions but the lovely man behind the counter had them remade just for me at no charge.
It's McDonald's.... how good can it be. Tastes the same as it did 50 years ago when I was a kid
It was ok , cheep on handling out ketchup and I asked for mayonnaise ,, they said they didn ½ï¿½ï
Great...my granddaughter loves your oreo cookies icecream....
Could barely get through the line to park, spaces are way to small, and waited 22 minutes to get two coffee's!
The staff was a little too casual when taking my order...
Very dirty and staff.is.not friendly at all. They act like they don't like their jobs
Great spot, mellow atmosphere. They really seem to have figured out their niche.
They are always crowded n drive through as well, but the service makes up for it
Ordered something small took over 15 mins. People who ordered before me got their food before I did.
Very good coffee and the service really nice  
no mcdonald ½
Slowest McDonald's I've ever been to. 20 minutes trapped in the drive thru line.
They were not letting homeless people eat or use the bathroom that we're buying food that's wrong
Good drinks at a decent price. Quick service.
This is a busy McDonald's so there is generally a wait at the drive thru and parking lot is tight..
My cup was fingered by the cashier.   Two stars because he gave a new one when I asked.
Los Angeles. Great service and fast
Super fancy electric menu in the drive through. Pretty impressive
"Crowded parking lot
Homeless camped outside refilling dirty cups
Uber drivers hang out in lot refilling their dirty drink cups
Dirty inside and out
NEVER EVER EVER fill your fry container to the top!!!"
Great coffee faster services
Not good for health as we all know but a little good food
"Just had my ole standby snack:

Dbl-Cheeseburger, small fries and a small coke.  90's High School Lunch!"
Good when you're running and you do not want to entertain yourself
Food is always delicious and the fries are always super hot.
Drive thru should be for walk ups to so we can order food also
Delicious, when they don't re-fry the fries and filet-o-fish
Poorly managed. Management as no problem lying to the customer when an error is made.
Fast drive thru. Very efficient!
Anytime before 7pm is hit or miss. 7pm to 4am is always quick and hot.
Love the value meal menu. Great place for dessert.
Makes it easy to grab a quick bite. Self ordering inside
Clean store with fast service. Had the mcgriddle and wow
The same old, the food is bad for you, but it's cheap if you do it right and don't get sucked into the marketing  
Disgusting. I love McDonald's but some franchises don't know how to cook the food, and this is one of them.
Small place, recomended for drive thru or take out
Typical McDonald's just with REALLLLLLLY long drive-thru lines. Nothing special, nothing to write home about.
Really long SLOW line at the drive through. Took FOREVER.
Fast Happy meal! Accommodating and friendly
I didn   
The McDonald's at Riverside was confusing because there was no River and this McDonald's was not at its side
Unorganized! Couldn ½ï
Another McDonald's I frequent. The fries here are a little better than the NoHo one at Burbank Blvd.
Too much mayo and burnt bun. Homeless come in and get sodas with old cup - ew
That big guy can really sing! Awesome place, awesome singing dude!
Nice location, large and comfy, friendly staff, plenty of parking space.
I like this McDonald's out of all of the ones that I have been at because this is the only one that the walk in stay open 24 hours.
No one should ever go to McDonald's for anything but going to the bathroom
Sometimes busy. Some days drive through accept only cash.
Good service...fresh coffee... I'm coming back !
Most convenient McDonalds. It can be busy and you might wait a little longer.
Was excellent porci ½ï¿
I was able to get a quarter pounder at 930 am
No matter how many McDonald's I visited in Los Angeles County they all have the same problem,  filthy bathrooms ...
My rating is based on my love for the iced turtle.
This McDonald's was very satisfying and well organized with very much class
The service is below zero
Not great. Lots of ne'er-do-wells hang out there. Be weary travellers.
Long lines lately outside on drive thru inside slow toi
"Bed service very bad manager
He "
I ordered 2 of thier "premium" chichen sandwiches,  TOTALLY GROSS,  AND SOGGY COLD DOES
They no longer have chocolate dipped ice cream cones. What a shame
Excellent coffee, but prices are increasing.
Very rude female employee. Look like she didnt wanted to work
Double quarter pounder can't go wrong... with cheese
Can't go wrong with a 10-piece chicken McNugget meal
Worst food ever. The hamburgers taste like a paper.
Good service unfortunately only 2 restrooms
Treats food couriers with respect. Restaurant owners take note.
Its mc donalds not healthy for you but good cold water
Pretty fast service and good family pack
fast drive thru considering it was rush hour
Be careful with drive thur they can forget you suff
It's mc Donald's,. The man before me backed up the toilet and an employee let me use the women's
It's cheap but filling and really tasty.
Business is booming, excellent food and fast service
Food was terrible and it seems every homeless person in LA was in the parking lot or in the restroom
This is a good one.  Clean and easy to park.
there was a hair in our food
Get food but forgot several items that were bought and paid for unfortunately was too far away to go back
I got 3 sloppy vanilla ice cream cones today.
Open 24hrs. Line for bathroom at 11pm, but only place open.
The McCaf ½
The cashier was unfriendly, and the sandwich was missing the bacon,  as always.
Ok food service 0 and prices difference from all other
What can you expect? Service and food is always ok.
Hate their food and service never go back
Our breakfast was fast and clean restrooms
Is not a healthy food but when you are hungry you got to eat. 
VERY SAD ' HOMELESS OUTSIDE ' LURKING AROUND...NO ' CHRISTMAS MUSIC OR SPIRIT ' INSIDE  ½
Always there when you get the munchies while on the clock. Thank you McDonald's
Wow. The therapists here are brilliant!
Great service and very accommodating!
Its McDonald's food but a little crowded when I went
McDonald's is an American standard for fast food.
Not good. Fries were stale.
parking is a nightmare, WAY too many homeless near by
Always fresh and fast service
Let's just put it this way I am now a vegetarian
One of the fastest McDonald's out there
Long wait
Pretty decent service for a McDonald's
Ok very good place to eat breakfast
Quick and easy, very clean, newly renovated
"What can i say about McDonald's
IAM LOVING IT  ½ï¿½"
This place is total kaos!! The worst service anywhere.Yes  the worst!
Drive thru is pretty slow.
Have had wrong orders and or missing food.
Pretty good as far as McDonald's go.
Slow but order was accurate..
They just serve dri ka and cookies
Good food but dirty.
Good location. Good food and service.
No restroom bad service 
Nice specialty coffee drinks!  ½ï¿½
Small place but clean and fast
It came back! Hooray!!
The burger looked nothing like the pictures
Great service it was pretty quick.
"The burgers just keeps getting smaller and smaller
And the price higher and higher"
Very fast congratulations. Good team.
Doesnt matter where you go, always tastes awful
It's  McDonald's.  This  is  an excellent  example  of  McDonald's.  Nuf said
the staff and management are all very friendly and professional
Menu card is  growing very fast...
It's McDonald's, however, very, very slow service.
The meth epidemic going on outside wasn't happening.
Good and fast great mcdonald's
Loud obxious mgrs screaming out orders
One of the premier sites for Latin dancing in Southern California.
Always fast friendly service :]
Like the promo and the attention here in Burbank San Fernando blvd
Typical McDonald's. Could be aa bit ccleaner.
Great food at reasonable prices
Dirty.  Tight parking lot.  Too many homeless people.
No tomatoes!  Did not inform when ordering.
Always A GREAT place to eat
Didn't let me use my coupon
Convient, probably would avoid if it wasn't right there.
It's pretty good but not good
Beebe enough parking,  very cramped little place,  Location Location Location though...
Its fast food. What else can you say?
I just happen to love McDonald's
Attendant didn't listen to what I ordered.
"MAKE AMERICA FAT AGAIN
.
.
.
Oh I forgot America is already obese."
Great place! Restrooms are clean!
This place is sooo busy, all the time
Very quick and friendly service.
Very nice customer service
Excellent place food fast..
Local mccy d. So it always a good experience
Welcoming and willing to accommodate most of the time 
Too many homeless people close by.
Good service but slow
The staffs are very kind and helpful.
The workers are no help and are rude
Order fresh chicken hot and fresh  
Love the manager lol
Good service fast and friendly
A little dirty. Tables never clean.
This company screws the world with its artery choking grease burgers.
Great people and very fast.
I want my. BIG. MAC.  NOW. I. SAY. Lol
there fast to serve you
It 
Small but great staff.
Convenient fast food on the go.
horrible service fire the b,i,t,c,h
The parking and driving space in the parking lot is terrible.
Average. Fries were cold and soggy.
Good staff. Lots of homeless.
It's macdonald's what can I say? Good
Very good location and good service.
This McDonald's is the best in all the valley
Mcdouble was nice and hot
Typical McDonald's food. Nothing special.
Drive thru too slow
Great for all family members.
The manager was very nice
McDonald is gross. I just ran in to pee
Great fast service.
It's McDonald's, simple, fast and cheap.
Mcdoubles for life!  Please....
Clean, friendly staff, quick.
Great coffee with a special shot  ½ï¿½
Great place with delicious food
Drive Through fast and efficient.
Great as normal
Great  f00d and love the work
Kids love ice cream
Quick with great deals
Saw a bunch of rats inside.
Very small, unorganized and dirty.
Closed for construction as of 5/20/21
Limited parking and alot of traffic
Trying to be helpful
Clean food was fresh
Good Ice Cream Sundayï¿½ï
Great service. English speaking.
Hot friez, reliably!
Fast n delicious
The best one, super clean
Small but nice place
Ice cream broken al the time
Use the app, so much free stuff.
Ok food ok price
Good costumer service
Very fast service
1.09 soda any size!
The place has character
"Ran out of straws"? Suspect
It's good for an emergency.
Some one there was smelly
Great service by cashier
Good friendly food
It ½
Had the Travis Scott Meal!
Dirty bad customer service
Homeless people all around.
Always they make a mistake
Love the quick service
McDonald's is McDonald's. This is no different.
The fries suck now
Breakfast on the go. Loads of salt,sugar.
Quick, food fresh, clean
The line is always too long
Bad customer service.
Good customer service..
No outlets and to crowded
Tables dirty
Filthy dangerous lots of homeless
Fast food anytime!
The service was great
Pretty decent for a McDonald's
Very good food
Cool
Awesome.
Very good
It's fast food.
Great place to eat
they sell burgers here.
Nice and cozy place
The restroom always are in construction
beware, only accepts cash
McD's hit the spot.
Long waiting time...
Fast and good as expected
It's McDonald's the nice place
not bad ehh....
Good looking workers
Lazy late and wrong order!
im fat now
Uncooked foods.
Pink slime. Yuck!
Very clean and friendly
Inconsistent  customer servicing!
Nice small restaurant
Wasn't as good as normal
Fast drive thru
Thank you Elastrada .
Freshly made food.
Worst ever had
great for late bite
Great coffee and burger
Long wait
Poor Customer Service
Its right next to the campground
My son favorite
A little bit sketchy
I love it
S l o w
I love it
Sketchy but reliable.
Their prices suck
I love it
I love mcdonalds
"I'm LOVING it"!
Open 24 hours!
same old same old, decades later
Uncoordinated, rude and delayed
The service was slow
Great service.
To slow
Service was good
Meh.
Good service..
Yuck.
Good service
Friendly service
I love McDonald's
A classic
It's Mickey D's...
Great service
Superb!!!
love it
Great service
Great for maccas
The French fries and the Breakfasts!!
Great service.
Quick service.
I Love hamburger
Great service
Love it
Its Micky D's
Great breakfasts
Same as any onther
Very convenient.
Great service
This mornig was close.
Always polite
Play area for kids!!!
Good place.
Fast service!
Gross Numb City.
Bomb
Fast and good
Nice staff
Booo
Ok
Ok
The name says it all
Good service
FAST
Delicious
Good prices
Fries!!!
Quet
Food was dry
Always accommodating
Good service
Service horrible
Delicious
Still great
Awesome
Good
Great
Great
Awesome
Nice
Yummy
Fast service
Awful
Hot
Tasty
Fast
Good
Awful
Fast service
Great
Slow
Fast service
Rude
Blah
Fast service
Get the McLobster
Open 24hours
Good
Good fastfood
Fast service
What you expect
Nice place
Breakfast
Usual
Friendly
It was OK.
SLOW SERVICE
The Big Mac never disappoints! It's the perfect combination of juicy beef, melted cheese, and tangy sauce.
Not to crazy about
It ½
To expensive
"The fries were cold and soggy. Definitely not up to the usual McDonald's standard.
Negative: I found a hair in my burger! Absolutely disgusting. Never eating here again."
#froyozombie
It's a McDonald's
McDonald's.   What more is there to say.
Nice McDonald's
Mediocre McDonald's
It's McDonald's!
It's a McDonald's!
Its MacDonalds  
Maccas is what it is
Its a McDonald's.
McLovin' it!
It's McDonalds.
Cheap food
It's McDonald's.
Fast food.
It's McDonald's.
Its McDonald's
It's McDonald's
McDonald's is McDonald's
It's McDonald's
McDonald's
They allow you to order on the mobile app for pickup until 11 when they physically close their doors at 10 so you have to wait at a little window. Wouldn   t have o
Super fast, what I liked is that they have several services, you can order online, buy through the screens or at the checkout ï¿½ï
Norm Gentle. Only as they see EBT begin to be baptized. There is a convenient podzhopnik in front of the cash register. Recommend to lean
Too bad I only bought two coffees and it took me more than 19 minutes and they still moved me to the parking lot and then I had to return because they didn't take what I bought with them lousy service
"The food was put in plastic bags and the steam was so hot that it came out as watery. They are supposed to have special delivery bags.

They put some of the food in plastic bags, causing the sweat from the heat of the food itself to cause it to arrive in a watery state. They are supposed to have delivery bags that are not plastic"
Bad service     I asked for a double hamburger and they gave me one with only one m
"Check orders! Sauces are not included.
Long time to cook"
When you're hungry and don't want to waste any more time... Mc wins the jackpot!!ï¿½ï
Very dirty everything and little staff
wow!! Very fast, friendly
The person who took my order was not very friendly, I hadn't even finished ordering and told me...have a nice day...
I love your coffee
I did not like the format of the store, the bathroom is kept closed.
Rico and his hot and delicious muffin sausages as always the only thing they don't put napkins or ketchup or spicy sauce
My hotcakes with coffee  ½ï¿
Bad service and they always forget to put the complete order, there is always something missing even meat in the hamburger
I bought two meals from them for my friends, and they gave me bread and cheese in exchange for meat. Hahahaha, and the account came out with 30 dollars. Damn the mother of fraud
I ordered a fish burger and it only brings the bread, the fish and mayonnaise. I expected it to bring lettuce and tomato but no, I think it would be better with luchuga and tomato
Everything is fine and the lady with brown eyes is very kind and pretty
A lot of homeless come in to ask for money.
I made pleasure i just passing by...and i am breakfast...I made hispanic ppl...attending me.
It is a good restaurant and by downloading the restaurant application you get good space.
Every time the things are more refrigerated and the coffee is made to your ** taste
I like it in El Salvador I could not go to the USA and not eat
very fast service
Very fast service friendly and fast staff
Excellent service
The toilets clogged the restaurant not top in cleanliness
Excellent service, tasty burgers and more, congratulations!
No-no-no-no-no THEY DEMOLISHED IT  
It lacks a bit of speed when delivering the product
Poor 
not good parking
The attention is very fast
Very good
Very good
100% recommended
Very good
All good
Very good
I like coffee
Good weather, new furniture
so bad
perfect breakfast
good coffee
Poor 
Terrible
Excellent service, facilities and food.
do they serve the food a little cold
This rika the lunch
Good service.
Poor 
calm and fast
Neutral
The best
Neutral
good service
Excellent 
Good quality
Neutral
Excellent 
I did not like
Excellent 
Excellent 
Pleasant
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
A good place
Excellent 
Terrible
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Terrible
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Bad service
Big
Excellent 
Terrible
Poor 
breakfasts
Excellent 
the coffee is good
excellent
Excellent 
Excellent 
Terrible
Regular
Neutral
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Poor 
Terrible
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Gooooddddd!!!
Food!!!!
Good 
Neutral
Prepapaaaahhhhpaaaahhh
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Good 
Terrible
Good 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Poor 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Terrible
Good 
Excellent 
Terrible
Excellent 
Neutral
Terrible
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Terrible
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Terrible
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Poor 
Terrible
Terrible
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Poor 
Excellent 
Poor 
Neutral
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Terrible
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Terrible
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
I eat at McDonalds about every 2-3 years.  I went in specifically for the boo pails and adult happy meal offer.  They did not have either offer even though they are advertised until 10/31.  I had a big Mac sandwich.  The 2 burger patties shrunk so much since I last had one 3 years ago.  They were literally burger chips.  Service was frieny and the restaurant was clean and decorated nicely.
Sold us some old food that my wife wouldn't eat, and was nasty     ½. Looks like they cooked it twice and it was so greasy. How do someone do this just to make the compa
Wow 24 hrs BUT Wednesday night 9:30pm on 4/12/23 and no sign posted, despite what the manager insisted she was given a very small sign to display. Nope no sign nothing but a bunch a kids inside laughing it up at the line of paying customers who waited almost 20 minutes before a good customer let everyone else know. He actually was nice enough to knock on there window and ask.
"Let me just say, I don't think I've ever gone out of my way to leave a review for a fast food chain. Especially not the biggest in the world. It's so easy to think of these places as just another installment in a gigantic corporation, but I think it's important to remember that these places are made up of the individuals who work there

For that reason, after coming here for a couple of years, I have to say that they do a phenomenal job. I only ever go through the drive-thru, but after being so used to no smiles, miserable demeanors and a lack of basic customer service skills (thank you, have a nice day), I need to shout out how friendly and consistent everyone at the drive-thru line is here.

The women who take your payment are always nice, and even the woman who hands out the food (usually a job where you will get absolutely zero smiles) is always so nice and genuine.

If somebody owns a business and is looking for a good customer service and people who will treat customers as expected, then give people a shot based on everyday encounters like these."
The Spanish lady in the Drive thru was extremely rude. She was trying to charge me $9 for two sandwiches that clearly had a sign for 2 for $3.50. Unreal
This location was a pleasant experience and in the overnight shift no less. This is, in my recent experience with the fast food industry as a whole (excluding chick FIL a), a rare occurrence and I feel that I have to give some praise here.
Ordered mobile and drive through. They gave me the drive through order and then made me turn around and wait in behind multiple people again for the mobile order of a mcchicken. While waiting, I realized my first order was two sandwiches short. This used to be my fav McDonald ½ï
Here you get hot food and friendly faces! We go there every first Saturday of the month.... And always have a good time.
I'm not a McDonald's guy...but the food was hot..the fries were hot and crispy...my burger was hot and juicy and delicious...I'll come back
I was pleased with this McDonald's location all around. I got my food quickly, the service from the speaker to the drive through window cashier was great and my order was accurate.
Food was slow to get and cold. And if you don't ask, no butter for your muffin  and no ketchup.  Very sad who works there.
"Fresh hot food! All items in order were correct and served quickly to our table. The cashier was polite and helpful.  My kids really enjoyed the updated play equipment inside their air conditioned play area.
11-2-22 ordered inside using the touch screen. Picked two happy meals(chose NO Toys) and a spicy chicken sandwich meal. Took our table tent to our table to dine-in. Received food shortly after. Happy meals had toys, one was missing its apples and I didn't get my drink. Every thing was corrected without issue, it would just be nice to get everything right the first time. It means to me that someone wasn't paying attention when they should have been."
The prices for fast food are crazy. 1.75 for a large sweet tea?? McDonald's corporation is abusing customers for profit.
Gave me the wrong breakfast sandwich this time. Ordered a sausage egg and cheese bagel and they gave me a bacon egg and cheese bagel. Still tasted good though
How incompetent can you be when you have all this staff standing there and no one willing to help the customer- why does a manager have to tell their employees to help a customer?? You see a customer you help them..  On top of that    a lady that put her order in the kiosk after I had given mine  was given her order first!!! We literally ordered almost the same things and she was helped before 
System is randomly down at 11:45 at night and they can ½ï
Gotta come here on the late night. The two ladys at night that work till 7 am are the best. They are the most pleasant people EVERY TIME WE COME. The food is better. The fries are fresh. Double quarter pounder fresh.  Rose and  Mrs.Shamee the manager. We thank you so much.
Please make sure you check your order,  I was given the wrong order. I was almost home by the time I found out.
"The absolute worst McDonald's I've ever dealt with. The most incompetent management I've ever experienced.
First 2 out of my last 3 breakfast orders were wrong. But didn't realize until I got to work. I cannot leave my job to go back.
Then today I got a steak, egg, and cheese bagel. Which was right with the exception of 2 long black hairs in it.
I stopped back on my way home and asked for a manager.
The first manager only asked for a receipt. She then left and got another manager. She was a heavy set black woman. She was the most ignorant, vile person that I've ever dealt with. Not even an apology. Her response was to bring it back? 5 hours later? When I said that was ridiculous, she closed the window and walked away. I asked for a corporate phone number and she refused.
I called and I can only assume it was the same ignorant woman because she put the phone down and left it off the hook.
I called again for the phone number and she said its on my receipt and hung up.
She is clearly incompetent and doesn't deserve her jib.
Funny thing is I didn't ask for anything free! An I'm sorry may have been enough.
But nothing even close. I would never recommend this dump of a McDonald's nor the clearly racist manager.
I will stop at nothing now to make sure she can't treat anyone like this again"
Whatever you do, do NOT go to this McDonald's location. There's a reason why I rated it one star and I can kindly explain why. While the food there is good, I simply cannot stare at these people the same way anymore. A hour or two ago, I showed up to get some food and there was this one woman working behind the register (I don't remember her name, but I assume she was a manager or something. She was in a blue shirt and glasses and that's all I can remember). There was an annoying beeping sound that seemed concerning and I politely asked (key word here is "politely") them to investigate it and make it stop. They didn't bother to check it, which shows that they're neglectful of the resources around their workplace. The reaction I got from this woman was 100% disrespectful and told me to get out of her store and never come back and even tried to call 911 on me. It's pretty obvious that I caught this woman on a bad day. Clearly, I was furious because I felt like she was deliberately trying to get under my skin and using that to her advantage. You know what they call people like her? A bully. I was bullied by the manager because I had a concern that needed to be addressed. I was not trying to show up on this woman at any point during my visit. I was trying to be as lenient as I possibly could. If the woman I was referring to was actually a manager of this establishment, she needs to be put in her place because that's NOT how a manager should treat her customers. I do not like being antagonized, especially by an employee and it really showed during this visit. Come to think about it, I've been checking on other reviews of this location they all had numerous problems with this particular person. Obviously, I'm heartbroken because now I don't have anywhere to go to eat after my work shift. I'm only relegated to the Chick-Fil-A a minute down the road and even I know they have better hearts and respect than this woman did (and their food is also good). As a man diagnosed with autism, I strongly advise people to stay away from this location at all costs. If you really need to go to a McDonald's, steer clear of this location. It's not worth your time and it's not worth your sanity. Also, their drink machine has been broken and flat for at least a few months and they didn't fix that either. I will be contacting corporate about the antics going afoot at this location.
It's mcdonalds. Nothing special but fast service. But along with every other fast food chain I get a terrible stomach ache but that's just me.
I got what I ordered wich was an ice coffe and one sausage burrito. There was no line how ever the attendant was not attentive causing my Check out time to be close to ten minutes for a very simple order I have to change my rating to one star, shortly after eating my burrito I got very sick to my stomach.
Slowest McDonald's I've ever been to and screwed up my entire order. Also waited 15 minutes and food was cold. Will never go back. Simple job yet these people are incapable.
Being a pregnant female the experience I had with working there just recently was very terrible I was treated very poorly by my managers and coworkers. I had only one break my entire shift which means I could only eat one time and my manager daisy made me take a break in the mornings which wasn   t right, to eat early and then go hungry till I got off. Daisy was a very rude manager gave me a hard time on my 3 rd day I told them this was my first time working there never don   t a job like this as a manager she should   ve been more patient and had some respect. She even talked about me to her friends but would speak in her language so I wouldn   t understand. Karen was another manager that was never the was training me and was pretty rude as well. Rachel was another. I would like to sue for discrimination against my pregnancy and harsh treatment during my time working there. I felt very uncomfortable. The Hispanic females that work there are like the ones in charge they even take mini breaks but I only had one my whole shift pregnant female standing in one spot for the whole day the only person that was nice was Kimberly . I will be sueing this company and I should press charges against nicki Nelson.
Food was got, fresh, and fast.   Also, the ice cream machine works. ï¿½ï
Very cold hash brown. Egg mcmuffin not so great either
"Ordered via the kiosk.

Looks like management has posted a sign, order via kiosk to get a free cookie. My order didn't contain one. I asked the associate, she was puzzled. They had to discuss with 3 other folks and finally one of them gave one with complete displeasure.

Kiosk didn't give a paper bill to provide a direct feedback. With modern tech, they should switch to a sms or email for whoever wants a digital copy."
I ordered breakfast sandwiches and hash browns. It was 12 in the afternoon so I didn't mind pulling to the side to wait. After 15 minutes no one had come out yet. I went inside and by the time I talked to the manager it had been 20 minutes. She told me it was my fault because I ordered breakfast at noon and was INCREDIBLY rude with an unbelievable attitude. I told her I wanted my money back. She ignored me. Five minutes later I started asking every employee if I could have my money back. The manager first ignored me and then started yelling. I finally had to call my wife inside to deal with her because she was so unprofessional. 30 minutes had gone by at this point. Worst run restaurant I've ever been to.
"Ordered a burger at the drive-through. I was made to wait for 20 minutes and when the food came I was given the wrong order. I brought it inside to talk the employees so I could get the correct food. I spoke with the manager and she was unbelievably rude. Acted like it was my fault that my daughter was given the wrong burger. I finally was given the right burger but I have no idea why the manager made it such an awful experience.
To top it off, I walked into the bathroom. There was someone sitting in the stall. He flushed and walked out. He was an employee and he didn't wash his hands. Just walked out of the bathroom and when I came out he was making burgers. Disgusting!"
Came in this morning with low expectations. I rarely do reviews, but I felt compelled to do so after my expectations were blown away. Friendly greeting, clean restaurant,  more of a Cafe feel than fast food. Food came out hot, fresh, and visually as nice as on the commercials. Unexpectedly pleasant experience.  Give this nanagrr a raise.
This McDonalds on Blackwood Clementon Rd is very unprofessional and I won't be going back there! The staff are clueless about their job and they are rude.
My favorite time there is around 730am. The hispanic girls who work there are very nice, funny, and friendly!  They even bring the food out to your table when its ready.
Floor soapy! We were here for an hour or so and the floor was soapy and slippery the whole time like they used too much soap in the mop bucket. Watched someone slip in the entryway.  Employees didn   t care.  Food and play place a
"Just don't. The manager on tonight was not helpful. I waited forever to order at the drive up spot. Than waited well over 5 mins then to pay and there was only 1 car besides me in line and they waited a while to pay as well.  Then to not get my order properly made and then was told my order was made correctly and that next time I would be charged extra for what they had to do, which was to make my order right !

I asked for a macchiato.  Got a large cup of sugar and cream WITH A SQUIRT OF ESPRESSO. I wanted macchiato not a cup of creamer and sugar. I asked for more espresso to be added and got attitude about it and was told they would have to charge me more next time FOR THE ESPRESSO! They clearly do not realize what an macchiato is! It has espresso in it and not just a 7th of cup of espresso! Manager was not helpful. Said that's the way its made. I said no its not. I've been to many other McDonald's and this isn't how they make it. I also have had this at a lot of other coffee places and that what they gave me wasn't a macchiato. He said I work at 3 other McDonald's no its not. So I told him which one I like to go to that makes it right. So then he proceeds to say we'll that is how our machine makes it. Didn't want to help. Just argue and get rid of me. I didn't appreciate being treated like I was and that I would be charged for wanting espresso in my drink that is supposed to have espresso!
Could tell they were not having a good night and dint seem to care to make things right and wanted  to just get rid of me.So I took my stuff and  left."
This used to be a great store. But recently they can   t make frappe   s. Sad to not be able to fill 
I was waiting at 10.55pm and the lady said wait to me, and then after 7 minutes she said, I cant take your order. I explained my self I said  was waiting 5 minutes for you and she said it doesnt matter me. Very disrespectfull gi
Tried to order something at the drive thru around 11pm and was given zero response during the 20 minutes that I waited. According to what it says online, the place was suppose to be open til 12am and yet I couldn't get a order in around 11pm. I sometimes wonder if the owner knows that they been closing up earlier than usual.
I hate McDonald's ever since they got rid of the breakfast bagel sandwiches lol was the only decent food left that I liked. But decent fries and sundaes. Only went cause my daughter asked for something.
Great kids area. There is a little toilet for toddlers inside the play place.
Service was quick despite longer line. Order has always been correct. Staff is friendly.
Usually come here because they have their stuff together. Today was the exact opposite. Hit the drive through for 2 things and it took over 30 minutes. Had to wait in the parking lot for a big mac meal and a happy meal???
I just ordered from door dash and this McDonald's sent my sons hotcakes with no butter or syrup. They didnt even send jelly for the biscuits?? Just disappointed that's all. Have a good day.
"went to drive thru around 10pm last night
we clearly ordered 5 Deluxe Crispy Chicken Sandwichs and 1 Double Quarter Pounder with 3 fries
The guy messed up and gave us 4 crispy chickens (the smaller ones), 1 quarter pounder (also smaller), and almost mistakenly charge us with 30 fries (this was sorted out though)

overall negative experience idk if it's an issue with the mic but if that's not the case I would like the workers to be better trained..."
this location regularly overcharges. in  a two week period, members of this household were charged $4.25 for large fries, and $9 for a filet o fish meal. this is not the first time this location has done this, but it will be the last time
They missed up my kids food. I called them about it and when in the next and the manger (male) was very nice even gave me food for my inconvenience.
They didn't have biscuits & gravy and when I asked for it they treated me like I was stupid.
This was a good McDonald   s. I   m not sure if it was 
Haven't had a messed up order yet, and this location is quick! They handle the volume at peak hours very well. Employees are kind and patient.
To be clear, the rating of 4 stars is perhaps generous (I debated between 3 and 4 stars), but I ate at this McDonald's pretty late, so I'll assume the staff was just tired and ready to go home. The place was fairly clean, and service wasn't terrible, but it wasn't stellar either. They originally forgot the cookies my friend ordered, and when they did get them for him, the didn't have all 3 chocolate chip, so they gave him 2 of those and 1 sugar cookie. I understand that, but rather than just telling him, "Hey, we got you 2 of those and 1 of these," they should have asked, "Since we only have 2 chocolate chip, can we give you those and 1 sugar cookie?" That's just polite. Also, the ketchup was out, even though they clearly weren't busy. All this being said, they took the order quickly, apart from that were friendly enough, and got the food out fast without any mistakes (apart from that). If I'm in the area, I might stop by, but the McDonald's in Marlton is much better.
The manager Ikea is awesome she provides great customer service she make sure that all her customers are taken care of properly and I just love her friendly friendly Behavior to make sure my food was hot and it got to me quickly I'm happy to see that they are allowing people to eat in now I thought it was rather disturbing closing off the dining room area so I'm very happy about that part
This store is CONSTANTLY busy! Not the store's fault, but on top of that they can't seem to get an order right. If I'm paying $12 for a messed up meal then I'll just get a real burger elsewhere, for less.
I'd like to start by saying I always go in to place my order because no matter where I go, my order gets messed up, maybe its because I don't like cheese. I went in to place my order and head towards the counter, an employee standing in between the kiosks points me towards them. I said to her I only place my food order with humans. The employee heads towards the register to take my order. She says she hopes she can use it. She took my order but had to have help. I didn't mean to be flippant but I said "so you're job is to help people at the kiosks?" She said yes. The food was ok, the place was clean but my point here is, this is what's going to happen with a 15 dollar  minimum wage. One person will be employed to oversee the kiosks but people lost their jobs already and replaced by machines. I'd rather keep a human working than have them replaced by a machine, not to mention how many germs are on said machine that they want you to order food from. About a month ago there was a story on the news that almost 99 percent of kiosks tested (everywhere) had a presence of fecal matter. So no kiosks or self checkout for me.
The order clerk and her Manager Nikki refused to give me a glass for water, accusing that I might steal soda.  Should I stop giving McDonalds $20 daily business and another $100 for my team because of Nikkis horrible accusatory stance?  The main manager should be fired for not training customer unfriendly Nikki.
I ordered Mcnuggets. They were okay. At least I thought. But by the time I arrived home, my stomach was bubbling. Had to move like lightening to get to the bathroom. Barely made it. I will never order from or eat there again.
Excellent new children's play area.  Very inexpensive kids meals.  We were served within 3 minutes of our order going in.  Not a lot of people-kids there which was even better.  Just wish the menu was a little more adult oriented.
I mean it's  McDonald's. I typically try to stay away from McDonald's but it was the only place open in my area at 1130pm. And no body has sprite like McDonald's usually.The fries were fresh. Definitely should not have eaten the "beef"ýýýýýýýýýýýý will definitely have your stomach doing jumping Jack's. Lord I bout died on that plane ride back home trying not to traumatized the other passengers and if the sprite doesn't taste like battery acid then it's not McDonald's my sprite was definitely missing the acid
Since the kiosk was introduced into the restaurants, the staff does not even acknowledge your presence. Plus, they are over-staffed. There are so many servers bringing food to the tables that they bump into each other and customers constantly. And the overcrowded staff in the back looks like pure chaos. I went to the register to place my order cause I prefer to talk to a human being, and the counter person told me to "go use the kiosk. I'm busy." There is no organization and order, just chaos and confusion. With all the extra staff and the introduction of the kiosks, service is even slower than before and they still get it wrong!
Absolutely horrible place. They have people working the drive-thru speaker who can barely speak English, get the order wrong, and are not polite.  When I have ordered here, they mess up the order almost every time.  I wonder if there is a manager here because the employees seem more intent on fooling around and laughing than paying attention to their customers.  They need to get things straightened out and realize that if they don't provide better service, they will go out of business.  I will not return to this one and go to the McDonald's on Route 70 instead.
"I was not given a receipt otherwise I would've complained privately.

I pulled into the drive thru around 2:50 PM. It was about a one or two minute wait before me and the woman in the second drive thru lane were answered. Before that, someone must have accidentally switched their headset on because all I heard was a lot of laughing and talking in the background.

When I pulled around to pay, the woman at the first window wasn't able to locate my order for a moment. But she triple checked to make sure that what she had was accurate. So I paid, received my change, and she shut the window without another word (or my receipt.)

I pull up to the next window to get my food and drinks. The girl at that window double checked which order was mine, then handed me my food. Even though I ordered a large Coke, I was given a medium Coke but didn't see any use in complaining because I didn't want to hold her lane up.

When I pulled away, I started eating my medium fry only to discover that the top fries were over salted and mushy. I figured they must've got mixed in with the fresh fries and kept eating. I was wrong. They only got worse. They got mushier and more stale. Like someone had reheated them in a microwave. Absolutely disgusting. I was too annoyed at that point to turn around and go all the way back. I don't expect fries to be perfect all the time, but I do expect not to get the fries that should've been written off as waste.

The only reason that I'm doing 2 stars instead of 1 is because the teens here are very nice. They go above and beyond to make sure everything is okay. Especially when I'm inside using the kiosk. But something about food quality and drive thru efficiency needs to be revamped. This isn't the first time I've received stale fries or had an order done incorrectly at this location. I only come here because this is the only McDonald's on my route that doesn't put me out of the way, but the lack of efficiency is seriously frustrating."
Very loud. The managers kids and grandkids were running around the place and causing a mess. Very loud and took forever to get my food. I did not like this place one bit. Maybe if the kids weren't running around doing whatever they wanted itd be better. I recommend going to a different McDonald's their are a few others near by.
I am a kitchen manager somewhere, i know how important is to keep our customers happy and give a good server, today i was with my family in this so we decided to eat there so my  conclusion is that I got a great service and good food all your employees did amazing job  by the way all of them were women, my family and i had a great moment and meal. THANK YOU SO MUCH
I work around the corner from this particular location. My coworkers were all excited to see the newly renovated location. I usually don't get fast food but I really wanted a milkshake before work. How do you redo the entire building but you still don't have any milkshakes?! I should've taken the extra drive and gone to Chick fil A.
These are the slowest off-task workers I've ever seen. I stop here multiple nights a week for coffee and a bite. It's always "can you please pull around"...IT'S ONLY ME IN LINE! For what? A coffee and fries.
"This location is ok. When I was there last week, was told to go to first window to pay. No one was there, waited a few and no one came so I pulled up to the next window.  ( Payment was to be made at the first window). Then they get my order wrong. I was missing a drink and given an extra fri. So I had one person with no drink and Fri's that no one wanted. When I told the girl I was missing a drink she just stared at me like I was speaking another language. I left unhappy.
Went back a few weeks ago, my husband's burger was raw inside. For convenience on my way home today, ordered 3 meals. Asked the lady at the Drive-Thru to double check. She looked inside,said yes it's all there. Git home.... Missing a burger."
There was hair in my food so i took it back and when i told the manager she said to me, " theres no possible way there could be hair in our food." I laughed and said well i dont see a hairnet on your head and she started yelling and arguing with me about giving me my money back. She finally gave it back after arguing the point with me while i had a whole line behind me. Ignorant and you do not treat customers like that. Period. Why would i lie about hair being in my food anyway? We were traveling i did not want to turn around. Haha what a joke. Thank god i never have to go there again. I dont live anywhere near there.
The McDonald's on Haddonfield Berlin Road in Voorhees is the worst place ever to get food I've ordered from there and they charge my credit card almost $40 and only gave me half my order and never gave me my receipt so I have no way to get the food or get the money back. So I would advise people to take as much time as you need in the Drive-Thru to make sure you have all your food that you actually ordered
Be careful the cashier tried to charge extra and didn   t fill in the full order.  Had missing. things. On top the cashier got upset for asking for missingthings.  The
I didn't hate it, I hit the wrong end of the stars. It was very good. My cheeseburger was good and my fries were nice and hot, just the way I like them. So I gave them 5 stars!
burgers are like rubbers, they taste awful, i felt i am eating not fresh bread. chicken was stretchy , looks like it was made to last for ever.
They're always clean, the food is so fresh.  There's usually always a line but it's worth it if you want your food fresh and hot!  All staff is nice!
I got dinner at the drive through tonight and got 2 orders of the bacon cheese fries when I got home and opened them there was a smallest amount of cheese and no bacon at all.. I also got an Oreo McFlurry and was handed it with the lid halfway off and it wasn   t mixed.. when I asked if it was gonna her mixed she said not yet than finally took it back and mixed it all while looking very c
We waited for 5 minutes in the drive thru to be told they didn 
This my first week in America from Novosibirsk Russia. Lady who yell at me like Sargent Captain in Spetsnaz. Cheeseburger have cheese I eat and got lot onion. Lady in front speak Russian, so she is sweetheart. I taste better food in Russia when I sent to the detention center but American love Cheeseburger very FAT!  ½ï¿
Seriously 9 out 10 times they tend to forget at least one thing.... I go there cause it's a driving convenience but honestly,  I'd rather drive the extra 15 minutes knowing that I wouldn't have to turn back once I get my order. The kids that work there are nice, the "manager Jesus" bit of an attitude.
For a McDonald   s, I   m actually very impre
They messed up a simple order like a four piece Chicken Mcnugget and a beverage. The young lady taking the order misunderstood me when I be asked for a Orange drink and charged for a Orange juice. So when I went to the window I thought the order was confirmed and corrected and the price was lowered but to no avail when I received my beverage it was a Orange soda. I wet around the drive through again spoke to the manager and she apologized. Last visit to this McDonald's.
This is the most unprofessional McDonalds I have EVER ordered from. I ordered using uber eats and when my food arrived it was packaged with stickers stuck all around the bag where as I could barely open the bag. There is a gaping hole in the bag and this is not even to mention the poor quality of the food. Half of the food was cold, my hashbrown was crushed and bent, and my sandwich was poorly packaged. No care went into the process of my order. I do not recommend anyone to purchase anything as little as a water bottle from this establishment. I am sick to my stomach at the fashion my food was given to me in. NEVER AGAIN!
"Hi,

I have just purchased medium fries and large chocolate shake. I did not feel hygiene because they are cleaning their kitchen and they are serving at the same time with the same unclean hands without washing and without having gloves. Guys please maintain some hygiene levels while serving customers.ï¿½ï"
"Drive thru line was pretty long.  Put on my mask and walked in. Ordered and item was in a bag ready to go in 2min.
New pastries are wonderful."
My old clock on August 23, 2017
Your company is advertising support for front line workers but your company is very disrespectful to people who are helping others. I was rushing from one state to another state to help disable children, stopped for breakfast at this location. I was told to wait so the person in drive thru could take another person's order who came after me. The person never came back on to help me even after me steady saying hello and waiting. I was about to be late for work so I left and went to dunkin donuts.You guys should NEVER advertise free meals for front line workers when its clearly a lie. There is no support.
Had the longest wait of my life for some cheap food. Not only was the wait long for everyone but whoever was working that day gave zero Fs because they kept giving me the wrong order and just told me to move up and then proceed to hand me a bag that they already handed to someone else that I saw digging thru it. Mind you fries are all over the place and I   m happy to enjoy a meal that   s been on someone else ½ï
Nasty foul odor of chinese food overtook the place upon entering and in entire lobby. Employees must've had massive chinese take out order leading to the offensive odor. I lost my appetite and will avoid this location like corona virus.
"Newly renovated, it's all shiny and new. I like the self-ordering kiosks they're putting in McDonald's; speeds everything up once you get the hang of it.
The chocolate shake had both vanilla and chocolate; I liked it that way but they really should get that fixed. Going back for a bacon big Mac."
Best bagels, great quick service with a smile! Always on my way to work and the food and service is on point! We Voorhees Township girls love it!,
"I went to the McD's on Rt 561 at (Roughly) 21:45hrs to get a 1/4 pounder meal with a milkshake. During the ordering, a woman loudly voiced acrossed the floor to the young lady assisting me that she is NOT to take ANY ice cream orders after 21:30.
The employee was as stunned as I and ask why and in an Arrogant voice. She said ""its because we GOTZ ( gotz) to clean the machine"" Well I felt this was rude and followed up with a question to this woman. I asked,  what if I get here at 21:45 and ask for a milkshake. She again in an Arrogant voice responded with, "" you aintz getting it"" ( aint'z) ( The rest of the staff laughed when she made this comment)
After all this and being made to wait 15 minutes for my order, I requested a refund and to speak to the manager. I was told by this woman that no manager was available.
So I went back the next day to report this incident, I ask the front customer representative to speak with a manager. Oddly enough, she directed my attention to the woman that I had this encounter with the night before.
So not only did I get HORRIBLE customer service in a language and tone that was less than professional, I was lied to as the customer service rep..AKA Manager Nicky was available the whole time.
If Nicky is the Manager and is leading that team, it won't be long until that location starts losing customers as they just loss 1...

I would go elsewhere to eat!"
Ok, here goes... I stopped into the location on Rt73 in west Berlin NJ  for lunch today. The drive through line was super long so I parked and went I side. I ordered a number 5 (artisan chicken sandwich) meal. I paid, waited like 15 minutes, they called my number and I brought my ticket to the counter and took my bag. I got to work and found out I didn't get a chicken sandwich but instead I got a big mac. Which normally wouldn't be an issue but I hate big macs, I've gotten sick eating one before and ever since I can't even look at a big mac without getting sick to my stomach. Needless to say I wasn't happy. I threw the bag in my car and went on with the rest of my work day... on the way home I stopped back in and brought the bag of food back to McDonald's. The manager named Rebecca came to the counter and I told her what happened and I showed her all of the food I got and explained to her what I was supposed to get.(keep in mind I didn't even touch a fry) She was super rude to me and said she can't do anything because I didn't save my receipt. I don't know about anyone else but I always hand my ticket in when they call my number to prove that it's my food they're handing out. And I asked her what's the difference between a receipt and the untouched food that I brought back? I asked for a refund because I was no longer hungry, she said no, I asked for a new meal, after 5 minutes of her spouting off why she couldn't make it right, she finally gave in and walked away from me huffing and puffing and yelled to the back "make an artisan chicken sandwich" so a couple minutes later someone put a bag with just the sandwich in it on the counter and I asked where the fries were and she said, "there was nothing wrong with the fries earlier, just the sandwich" so this miserable poop butt of a manager refused to give me fresh French fries with my sandwich and handed me back the old fries from 6 hours ago. She took this whole interaction so personal and was acting like the money was coming out of her pocket. My final argument was asking her if she thought I was lying and did she think I made the big mac and fries at my house and brought it in to pull one over on her? What a horrible experience. It sucks when you get 30 minutes for lunch and you're starving and wind up not being able to eat and it's someone else's fault. You want someone to make it right. Instead this manager who gets to use her little bit of power to make up her own rules and make it difficult for you. Like it would of ruined her entire life to fix their error and make it right. It just sucked, I'll NEVER go back there just because of her. And I hope no one else will either. That's how pissed if this whole mess made me...
"It's McD's. Service here is always good, but quality is variable. It's usually good, but sometimes it's off... Bun is stale, fries are cold. Employees seem a notch above usual fast food.

Update Oct 2019: Last three times I've been, my Quarter Pounder bun has been stale and the ""never frozen"" patty was over-done and served way too fast to be cooked-to-order.  Disappointed that their quality is going down-hill.  The never-frozen 1/4 pound patties are worlds better than the frozen ones when they're cooked properly."
New experience was lil different have to get use to new set up you can take your own order and not speak to one person. Depending on type of person you are this is a plus. People like me like to keep it moving no rap!!!!
First time at this location. Very clean and fast. They recently updated kids play area and lobby. The play area has a large tablet for kids to play at NO CHARGE! As well as a few other new items.
Too much salt was dying of thurst after
The drive through was very quick (the fastest I've experienced in many years - think NASCAR pitstop), the order was accurate, and the food was fresh & tasty.
Always a good value.Use the APP and save.Big Mac
The food is good. Sometimes the box of the large fries is not full and looks like a medium fries and they close diner in when the workers want (1 hour before), even if the schedule say is til 11 p.m.
I ordered the Travis Scott meal which is simply the best as far as I'm concerned and they forgot my fries but no worries I called them they immediately are willing to fix it so I'm happy and yes I'll go back to that McDonald's in bordentown
"We went there tonight to get food for our family. The order was all messed up and the buns on all the sandwiches were hard as rocks.
Very disappointed in McDonald's.... I really like McDonald's but it looks like I'm going to have to start going to Burger King again  "
Inside was faster than drive thru. Clean, fast, and accurate with my order. I would go to them again.
I haven   t been able to be in since the remodel has been completed. I really remember that the food was delicious & the Mc frappes were excellent & delicious. Even the coffee, tea,  & soda as well. Maybe it ½ï
Typical MickyD's nothing spectacular. I ordered through the app for curbside pickup. We weren't given any straws for our drinks and my husband had to go in and get some. Also I had asked for no pickles or onions, and guess what they were on my burger.
Very clean store. Staff was excellent!
I went to McDonalds for lunch with my 2 little kids and Laurie took my order. One of the items I ordered was 2 cheeseburgers with NO MUSTARD.  She missed the request for NO MUSTARD, but I noticed the omission when she handed me my receipt. When I told her that I ordered my cheeseburgers with NO MUSTARD, her reply was "No, you didnt."  After that customer service blunder, she agreed to tell the person preparing my cheeseburgers not to put mustard on them.  Once we got our food, I had the unique experience of listening to her berate her cooking staff because they weren't going fast enough for the next 20 minutes while me and my 2 kids were trying to enjoy our meal. I will find another McDonalds to go to next time.
the heavy set woman with the short cut quick weave with glasses is very rude and miserable looking . i stood there waiting on the doordash order for 20 min and she didnt ask how could she help me she didn't say anything  she was skipping over the doordash order  and just let me stand there then when the order was done she threw the bag
A group of friends (6 of us total) were kicked out shortly after eating due to the "store manager's orders". Their rule is "5 kids in the restaurant at a time" because of an incident that happend a week ago where kids made a mess and broke a salt shaker. Two out of the group left and it was us 4 sitting there, having casual conversation in the side of the restaurant, and a second lady came up to us and asked us to leave again, because "football kids are coming in" and that there were too many kids at one time. Keep in mind we were not disrespectful or disruptive, McDonalds was just a place to eat, not hang out or lounge in our free time. Nearing adulthood, I felt very offended and quite frankly disrespected by store management AND their employees. Oh, I also waited 10 minutes for my 20 piece nugget and medium fries.
"This was the worst experience,has very young,childish,and incompetent people working here, messed up our simple order 3 times,overcharged  me-given no refund-but given attitudes galore!why,because mgr?was busy.... dealing with another angry customer...behind me,said too busy to refund .deal with me when asked,due to that!wth!I'm Calling corp.for my refund. Treated poorly, barely apologized,terrible cust.serv.and fries were cold,burgers bland!:/ no condiments given either!
5 min drive thru,ended up 30 minute ordeal!"
Staff is polite.  Took away two stars cause in the few times I've gone my drive thru order has been consistently wrong, even after confirming the order.
Everytime i come to this mcdonalds my order is never ready when i pull up to the window and they are always parking me on a good note fries was hot
Best customer service around  
Hard working team!! I stop by during the morning shifts and they are always professional. They need a raise!
Never eating here again was on my lunch break staff ignored me after I ordered and I waited 30 minutes for my food I ended up having to leave without eating just to get back to work I only ordered 2 large fries and a smoothie how hard is that?!
McDonalds is my go to fast food restaurant. It has been the only place since my son was a baby that we have been able to go to get a quick bite to eat due to his severe dairy allergy. Yes they have a dairy free meal for him and for me a gluten free meal. A match you can't beat. I won't say how old my son is but McDonalds has been ahead of their time for over two decades now when it comes to having special meals. It's been a great place for our family to go.
Breakfast this morning-sausage mcmuffin with egg, hash brown, and orange juice. Great service.
Had a great time at a fundraiser.
Predictable. Mediocre food. Arrogant manager. Incompetent staff. They dropped part of my order, did not charge me for it, and woukd not restore it. And got sauces wrong.
Just left this location during a very slow time, cashier had absolutely no patience, not helpful when I tried to use the app, had a terrible attitude, didn   t even wait for me to finish ordering before she started taking the next order beh
Very clean. The staff was extremely friendly. The cashier went out of his way to get my kids happy meals before 11am which was super awesome of him.
The young lady working on Monday January 27th at 9pm at the register gave me back wrong change. She then became hostile and took very long to get the manager. We then left because we had enough. Learn to count back change and go back to math class.
Missing item from my order. I call them tell them that one of my item is missing. They offer me to come back to get it but I am 2 miles away. I am not coming back for it.
This Mcds is average. Ok service with ok food. Nothing exceptional with this Mcds.Only positive is they seem to be slightly faster than most but on a negative I ask for a type of salad dressing I usually get the wrong dressing. Happened multiple times.
First, YOU have to place YOUR order on the kiosk. Then wait almost 20 minutes for your food because everyone is taking care of the drive-thru. Lol, I went in trying to avoid the long line at the drive-thru and ended up waiting longer.
This place is a disaster waiting to happen the fish filet was drenched!! I'm talking soaking in tartar sauce not sure whos poop list I was on but it was deffinately intentional and unnecessary and more so (obvious) not to mention we waited for about 30min just to place an order ...the people smile so 1 star for effort Mainly because you have no clue what your about deal with if you assume everything's ok smh avoid this place at all cost! Word to the wise ....
The staff here, albeit like most McDonald's, is packed with teenagers. However, I've found them to be respectful, and polite. I've never had an issue with an order, or service.
"Food not good
Fries were cold had to get them to give me hot fries.  Still warm"
The new renovations for this location look amazing.  Touch screen ordering makes sure I can get exactly what I want.  The new play area looks like a blast!
Food was great service was fast and workers were friendly
The food was okay. The staff was very friendly. But after I ordered at the counter I turned around to see a roach or beetle thing. Then when I sat down to eat, in the restaurant that had no air, I saw a huge spider in the window and copious amounts of crumbs and food being carried around by ants.
The drive through line was extremely slow and they had the second lane lit up but didn't  wait on anyone. I sat there waiting then finally gave up because when I went to go in the other lane I had to go ba k around the building and by the time I got there there were 4 more cars ahead of me now.
Worst experience ever, none of them could help with the menu, I do love Spanish people, but ! those are so fresh and so arrogant, never again  
Has a nice playground for the kids. Very clean on the inside. Workers are very friendly. The bathroom could be a little cleaner and more appropriate for children to wash their hands.
Closes at 10:45p on saturday not midnight. Generally incompetent staff and very slow. Rarely is food cooked right either undercooked or overcooked. They always get the items right. A few times there were  friendly staff. I wouldn't go there if you can avoid it.
Friendly staff and a clean restaurant, the food is great. Awesome place to bring kids. I just wish this one had a covered playground like the other locations.
I go to this McDonalds a couple times a week I am addicted to the sweet tea lol this is the only McDonalds I will get sweet tea at as I have never gotten a bad one here trust me you can tell if a place cleans there ice tea bins because the tea will taste bad that never happens here. Their food is really good also.
Workers are very rude wait to long to  take order and get food !!
First off I was rushed in drive thru, today November 21st around lunch time, I was cut off when I asked what other diet soda was available, my father's diabetic, when I got to the first window, an African-American just pushed his hand out the window and didn't say hello or even tell me the price and I had to ask him so that I could get the exact change for him. When I have him the money he snatched it from me. I will never come back to this McDonald's again, staff/service is horrible! Wish I could give NO STARS. Smh
Always Fresh and Hot Food ...Great Customer service..!!!
Very clean ..
Quick service at drive thru, and dine in area is always clean.
I have not been on the inside of a McDonald's in years. What a great surprise! It had a minimalist vibe, technologically up to date, was clean and the service was quick.
Horrible service.  They have two lines but servers choose to only service one line and customers are left waiting with no answer.  I waited a half hour with no way to back up or get out of line
Food was fresh its always aline Sunday mornings but service is good and fast.. Best of all Fresh Fries everytime I went..
First time at this particular restaurant.  I found the food hot, and the counter help friendly and efficient.
I only purchased a soda, but everyone is very friendly every time I go There..  ½ï¿½
Staff are very courteous and polite.
Standard McDonald's food, staff unusually attentive and polite. Seating area clean and well stocked. Bathrooms a little less so. Parking is abundant.
Always friendly service, hot & fresh fries, and order is always correct. It's nice having consistency from this McD's!
ordered fries it took awhile I'm fine with that because she made them fresh...clean restaurant an friendly service
One of few times I will give a McDonald's 4 stars.  I hade 2 different employees ask to take my order inside.
Sexy ginger bartender set us straight. We had a blast. He was exceptional just like his drinks
The staff on the drive thru don't have patience.
What do u wanna know... It's fast food. Watch super size me. Then the sequel. Might not want to eat so much of this stuff considered food. Just saying
Came for lunch awaiting Dr appt. As I use a walker, the staff at register without prompting was so helpful in carrying my tray & filling my beverage to the table of my choosing. Thank you for your attention to people with disabilities. 5stars to you!
As usual they dont listen to you when you make your order, they just give you what they feel like at the time, and they want $15 per hr/ JOKE!! Maybe they robots will get it right!!
Jossie is the best of the best! Make her the Boss of the Bosses if she isn't already. Her charisma and willingness to take care of her customers makes her and her staff the most outstanding one in the area.
Their service is slow the food sucks and you better always check your kids meals because they always forget something
Prices have risen....a Hamburger, small fries and medium beverage is now $7.01.
Gotta love when it   s says the drive thru is open until midnight but when you
The staff messed up my food and passed me 4 times after what order number I was. I took my son to the new play place where he was spit on and bit by another kid. The parent didn't seem to care and McDonalds workers didn't seem to care. NEVER AGAIN!!
Mcdonald's advertise any size drink for a dollar.. But not hear a sweet tea cost a  1:79.. This is the only McDonald's that charges you a 1:79 for a sweet tea..!!
Its a hit or miss with this McDonald's. The drive-thru can be a long wait on certain days
Boo I wish they could listen to what I order. My order is ALWAYS wrong.
Bought 4 fish filet sandwiches they were old cold and burned at the end of the sandwich it was horrible they should be a shame selling reheated microwave sandwiches
The food was hot,best hot French fries  
This place is the worst place to work I wouldn't eat here this place is dirty believe me
This happened for the first time.I ordered crispy Chicken and the bun and chicken was burnt and packed.
Fast food done well
I'm grow up in the 80s & 90s micky d is the place to be. You know what else is. My YouTube channel for all especially geeks. Come on down to geekprotagonist
Drive thru line was a tad long and I had to wait about 5 minutes for fresh fries nonetheless staff and service was great
Its a McDonalds....are you really not familiar with them? Do you need a review to tell you if thier burgers are like every other McDonalds?
Nice people and good food. Just wish there was a little more of a sense of urgency and better tabs on order
Good food
Blah. The iced coffee I got just so my kids could go in the play place tasted like dish soap. Unhealthy food. Avoid.
Wish breakfast menu had croissants and longer hours on weekends.
Fast&Friendly service.With delicious food!
Manager is RUDE!!!! I always come here staffs are always great! Manager today, 11/03/2020 4pm is Rude AF!!
The drive thru is a joke. always messing up my order. Best to go inside or avoid this mcdonalds altogether.
Amazing Service!
Didn   t eat dinner, so I ord
They just need to make sure that the fries are hot....other then that, great customer service.
I love the fact that you can order an Egg McMuffin without the muffin when you're following a low-carb diet.
It's OK for a fast food joint.
Always fast and a great value for the price.  The service at this location was slow but it was at peak hour.
It was ok. Waited a long time for coffee to be made. Service alittle slow.
Great staff I didn't eat here I picked food up for uber eats
Drive-thru and mobile ordering only. The drive-thru had a double lane which made things quicker.
I don't have high expectations for McDonald's, but this location is consistently disappointing. Lots of mistakes on simple orders.
Horrible service. She looked me right in my eyes and dumped my fries in the bag. After I ask why I was waiting in the drive thru
No milk shakes for us, machine didn't work. That's the same thing you hear all the time
This location can never get an order correct. And they always seem to make me pull up and wait.
Bought FOUR items here and they forgot one. I am still confused as to how you can mess up on only four items. After this visit, I am really concerned about our nation's education system.  ½ï¿½
Good service. This place is the best on a hot sunny day. Outside seating with shade.
Nice, clean, upbeat, friendly place! My kids really enjoy here especially the play place.
Very clean store, fresh good tasting food and pleasant staff.
Fast food that pretty consistent with the quality of food but the prices are getting ridiculous $10 for a Double Quarter Pounder with cheese combo is a lot
Its McD's.  Does it really need reviews?  This is one of the better ones in the area ... meaning consistent with food quality.
The associates are always friendly and helpful. The food is always hot and delicious.
Drive thru is always a complete mess. Cannot call this  ½ï¿½ï¿½ï
Food was good
Very friendly staff. Quick service. Good price. Newly renovated.
Good Service
Service was quick, the place is well maintained, the staff members were nice.
if I can rate this a zero I would. I found yet another fly in my ice coffee this morning. it's a usual routine for me too get ice coffee everyday but the last 2 visits I made had flies in my drinks. I'm done with this McDonald's
Well what can I say about McDonalds.  It's not the best, but it is consistent.  I would not recommend it as a steady diet.
The location is great (coming from a person that doesn't like McDonald's)
Just a snack but no napkins, not much fudge on Sunday
Good stuff.
The bathroom stinks.  The manager probably doesn 
Over priced disgusting food.
I was starving so i woofed it down. Had the big mac n just the right amount of sauce
Great! Type 2 diabetes in 1 week!
Hot Fries!!!!!!Friendly girl with great smile working drive thru
Friendly staff. Our order came out wrong but was quickly made right.
Vour typical above average mcDs
Place was clean. Food was as expected. Staff was attentive and friendly.
They served us quickly and were funny and nice.
Omg the big girl working the counter at night just stood there taking her time instead of helping me
Very clean inside. Great customer service.
FOOD WAS OK ALTHOUGH WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED BY MANAGEMENT OVER ALL DEMEANOR. VERY POOR PROFESSIONAL REPRESENTATION INSTEAD TOO IMMATURE ESPEC BY THE FEMALE MANAGER.
Am happy to have semi-diet options now that I am working overnights. Good service..
No service at counter just kiosk if u know how 2 use.
Apparently cutting a slice of bacon down the middle counts as 2 (literally) pieces of bacon...are they cheap owners or is it just poor management, I haven't made that conclusion just.
The machines are hard to use the ones you dont go to counter for they are hard to use but besides that it has some what good service
Quarter pounder was like warm.  Fries weren't salted.  Pathetic!
My breakfast sandwich was so fresh from this location!
I can't digest what is served at fast food joints.  It runs right through like greased lightning...
The food was actually better than I expected it to be it actually tasted charbroil
typically get your order wrong. Check your purchase before you drive away.
Fast friendly service, nice job
"Exceptional
Hot perfect fries. Good guarter pounder."
Quick, congenial service. Burger was absolutely fresh!
Not great, not terrible, but alright - way too much salt on the fries
thankful they're open late
I do not hate it I just don't eat fast food
We stopped for hot value fryers and value drinks ½ï¿
I love their food. One of my guilty pleasures.
"Food quality standard is lower than average
from time to time."
It's... um... McDonald's. This one has a nice play place and updated tech so it gets an extra star.
Nice staff but trashy food
Worst experience EVER!  Rude employees
The service can be alot quicker, but the staff were very friendly.
Very clean and nice staff
Enjoy ed the new chicken sandwich & especially liked the vanilla cone...delish..!!!!
This people don't even acknowledge that you are standing there waiting for them to take your order
Best  place  to  eat when you don't  have  much  money to spend
Food was okay, but they charged me for bacon, and didn't include it.
good, service, everything is clean and good service
The Drive-through was fast even though it was packed.
Clean, new update and  friendly great customer service. Will come back again!
food was amazing but there was a wait!!!
Completely messed up our small order then took 15 minutes to correct.
Never eat here you with regret later  ½ï¿½
ORDERED 3 items only got 2
Terrible service and such rude employees
The best food there  
Staff was friendly for 6:30 in the morning.  Food was decent enough.
Long wait at the drive thru and cold food.
Friendly, fast service, good food,  Accurate order.
One best diners in South NJ. Great food and service.
Grandson had a great time there for breakfast an fun playland
Ok not too bad. Better than last time .
Service not great and bun  was burnt and burger was terrible.
Very pleasant cashier. Very patient and helpful.
Very slow service. Employees show no enthusiasm or friendliness.
Tried the spicy chicken sandwich. It was good
Food was delicious  ½ï¿
If you've ever been to McDonald's, you'll know what to expect.
Picked someone up for a Lyft ride here. McDonald's is the worst.
It's a standard McDonalds 
We go there at least once a week. Love it.
Used their app and the curbside pick up was great!!!
My kids love it here. Good prices.
Love their salads with grilled chicken and bacon
Staff nice. Good, fresh food
McDonald's is always consistent with the food and service , it's good as always !
Best fresh sausage McMuffin we ever had
Workers are loud in kitchen playing around...not professional. Not coming back here
Great, nice and clean with fast wifi.
The store could be cleaner, other than that, it is a McDonald's, not must to write about.
This was a bathroom stop. Not a fan of McDonalds.
Wait was too long. McGriddles were good.
Appreciate the "senior" coffee!
The Fries were overflowing and hot
No lines.  Everyone is at Chic fil A
Average Mcdonalds, they forgot my ketchup :( ah well.
Nicely remodeled. Standard McDonald's food
Fast drive thru service..
Terrible service, will never come here again
Typical McDonald's food.
Fast service freshly cooked food
I wish they had Shamrock shakes all year
Good for freee WiFi and hash browns
The food and service was marvelous
Thy have the best French fries
Good shakes and fries
Decor very nice.breakfast is always good
THEY KNOW HOW TO MAKE SECRET MENU McKinley BIG MAC'S
They messed my order up.
Love the self service kiosks and redesign!
Magnolia McDonalds the best service. Fewest misyakes
Very rude manger an order was wrong again
Employees are not friendly
Fish sandwich was tasteless and the fries were cold
Very Clean, Fast Service, Very Polite  
Low staffed
Nice hot properly made BigMac
Fast food will kill you
Fast service. Good employees
I like this one . Fast clean inside
This is where God bless me and heal my sickness
Very limited dine in seating.
Its McDonald's so there is not much to say about.
Nice customer service . Quick and fast.
Very good apple fritters!
Great staff fresh food
Food isn't to good.
Staff not pleasant everyone seemed miserable
An average McDonald's that messes up your order occasionally.
I always feel sad after eating here.
Clean and quick service.
Poor service, overcharged,cold food.
No roaches and clean bathrooms
Fast freh good for adults & children
The customer services is very good
Service was very slow
My order is never correct.
Fast, friendly, careful and safe
Best McFlurry w waffles.
Still slow. Coffee Luke warm.
Clean place and good food.
Okay as long as there not busy.
Had to wait in line,but busy at all!!!
Excellent service and food 
Good and reasonable,  especially with a coupon
Nice playground and indoor seating.
Slow drive thru line
Give me that filet o fish, give me that fish!  
Nice place very clean
Food and service are good.
McDeath is the best fast food!
Great hamburgers and french fries
I love it
Great play area for the kids!!!
Great  service, quick!
Yucky.... A toasted bun for a fish sandwich
About average as far as McDonald's goes.
It's mcd s... nothing special
Customer service extremely poor
Mcrib is back. Thank you.
There are better ways to suicide
Love the singapore noodles!
Better looking, good for kids.
Food ok
Clean, clean food machine!!
French fries I buy only
Everyone was very nice
Just left my breakfast there
Good service and clean.
Good customer service.
Nice new store.
Food tends to be cold
McDonald's lost my business.
Love their coffee
Very good
What ?
It's a McDonald's. Ok service.
Hamburger tasted aweful.
Love stopping by in way to work
Very good for MacDonald
normal
Fast food is fast Food
Fries were too salty
McDonalds food ... What can I say.
Very nice
Good
It's McDonald's. What do you expect?
Good food
Good food
Intelligent, courteous staff.
Fast friendly service
The Bathroom was very dirty
The one in Voorhees, NJ is pleasant
Fast and its ok.
Just a plain, dry  ½
Good services and food
Yuck...cheap food
French fries are amazing
Busy half decent
Very nice
Their food sucks
Nice and clean and fast
great for the kids
Old and not open late !
It as ok
Quick and clean
Great service
Decent service.
Food was good
Gd burger for 1 dollar
No good deala
Good.
Chicken's too dry
Ok
Its aight
Love the fries
Same old stuff
Good fast food
Great food
Come on ! It's McDonald's for God's sake !!!!!
Didn't go to McDonald's
Clean, decent, quiet
Not real food
It 
I love McDonald's
Good as usual.
Typical
So yeah it's a McDonald's.
Goood
Yuck
Say Cheese...On Everything!!! 
Need more options, more ï¿
Comfortable  ½ï¿½
Unity
McDonald's foods just suck
Loved it
The same old Mc Donald's
Ok
Fast
Good service
fast service
Great service
God bless McDonald
Good service
Ummm
It was cold in there
Nice location
Poor service
Meh
Ok
Great
Horrible
mid
amazing
Good breakfast
Good
Ok
Great bank
Good location
Slow very slow
Nice people
Fast service
Trash
Bad service
Clean and friendly
It's McDonald's. It's Ok.
EXCELLENT SERVICE
Average service
Like chiken
Garbage
Slow
HORRIBLE
good place
Delicious food
Fast service
Wonderful!
Remodeled Wow
Good 
same as always
Fast  hot  food
Sticky floor
Normal mcdonalds
It's McDonalds
pooptillion
Its McDonald's
Standard McDonald's
Ridiculous
Its McDonalds
Its Mcdonalds
It's McDonald's
McDonald's
Excellent 
My favorite place at lunchtime, very good employees, I recommend it
Nice place elements are also good
Likey
I asked for well cooked scrambled eggs they gave me raw they took a long time and the ones that cooked were upset
Excellent 
I really like burgers
I place
G that you don't
good kind person
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Terrible
Good
Yaaaaaaaaa
Excellent
Ewwwww
Excellent 
ýýýý ýýý
Neutral
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Good 
Table service!!
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Poor 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Terrible
Poor 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Poor 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Terrible
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Terrible
Poor 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Terrible
Poor 
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Terrible
Good 
Excellent 
Terrible
disapointed 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Poor 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
disapointed 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Poor 
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Neutral
disapointed 
Poor 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Poor 
Excellent 
Poor 
Good 
Good 
disapointed 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Poor 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
disapointed 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
disapointed 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
disapointed 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
disapointed 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Neutral
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Poor 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
disapointed 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
disapointed 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
disapointed 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Poor 
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
disapointed 
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Poor 
Poor 
disapointed 
disapointed 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
disapointed 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
disapointed 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Poor 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Poor 
Poor 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Poor 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
disapointed 
Excellent 
Good 
disapointed 
Poor 
Neutral
Poor 
Excellent 
Good 
Poor 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
disapointed 
disapointed 
disapointed 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
disapointed 
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Poor 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
disapointed 
Excellent 
Good 
Poor 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
disapointed 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
disapointed 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
disapointed 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Poor 
Good 
Good 
Neutral
disapointed 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
disapointed 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
disapointed 
Good 
Good 
disapointed 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
disapointed 
Poor 
Excellent 
"Perhaps the most poorly run McDonald   s in Texas. Visited on the weekend,  so naturally busier, but the management, attitude of employees, and physical condition make this a location, in my opinion, the worst location we   ve ever visited.
1. Trash everywhere, see pic for example. Trash on the floors, tables, parking lot.
2. Dirty tables. Obviously tables get dirty. So we asked if a team member could wipe down a table to remove ketchup and prior visitor   s"
This is the closets Mickey D near us and we usually always have a good time. This time tonight we asked for extra sauce, the white lady with black hair, thick and wear a brown cardigan and bun? Was VERY RUDE when asked if their was extra sauce in the bag and closeed the sliding door before we can ask for more. She then re-opened it after seeing we were missing additional sauce from our order.. she was very rude cutting me off and stated you need to ask for extra sauce when ordering, since it   s now a charge for sauce? But anyways we don   t mind paying? It ½
"Incorrect orders most of the time, missing ingredients in the food or missing chicken nuggets. Poor quality of food.

I am not really a picky eater and don   t usually complain, but I gave this location a handful of chances    "
I   ve never come to this McDonald   s before and I never will again. The woman over the speaker was rude and handed me my bag and walked away. I 
Cashier walked off and left the cash drawer open never gave me my change, 10mins later all he said was    oops haha 
Yesterday (2/3/2023), I stopped at Roanoke McDonald's to get breakfast.  I ordered the Big Breakfast with pancakes via kiosk.  My order was number 797, upon serving me my food I ask for an extra syrup.  The employee gave me the syrup but was very rude in telling me it cost .35 cents and next time include it in my order.  Without giving me a chance to explain he walked off.   To add to the bad service I discovered after leaving, my pancakes were cold.  I don't usually go to this McDonald's, and usually don't get bad service at McDonald's but figured I'd take the time to let others know how this McDonald's is treating it's customers!
I ordered a artisan chicken sandwich no tomatoes on 2/22/19 through the drive-thru and when I went to get my food they told me to pull up and wait. I waited half a hour to get this sandwich and chicken nuggets. The sandwich looks like it was thrown together, way too much sauce. It was all over the entire sandwich and on the inside of the box that made the bread soggy. And to top it all off they gave me the head of lettuce and brown lettuce.
Very slow, waited over 20 minutes for a Big Mac and medium fries.
Frys were cold, did not give me my large drink that was ordered, and when I asked for my receipt, 3 people just walked around lost.. said forget it and left.
I always order the same 4 orders of the 20pc Nuggets. For some odd reason it   s $12 more expensive at this location than all the other stores in the metroplex. If you like to spend extra money for the same exact thing you can get from another location for cheaper than this is your spot. For me it   s not. The manager g
Employees always seem bothered by having to work. If you ask for extra of something on your burger, they'll give you none of that and if you take something off they'll make sure you get extra of it... This has happened multiple times now.
Nice people but this location lacks staff. Childrens play area not clean. Smells of dirty mop. No soap in children bathroom bathroom smells of  bad odor
Five stars for service.  This McDonald's should be a training store for managers. The manager and his entire crew were all about keeping the orders coming and making the customer job one. Haven't experienced this at a McDonald's in a long time. This McDonald's should be the standard the others have to meet.
Dine in area is fairly clean & they even have a nice sized playplace for the kids in a separate area from the main dining area. Staff is nice & quick.
My hash brown had sooooo much grease that it soaked through the bag. GROSS!!!!!! I'll never get food from this location again!!!!!!!
Manager on duty was very rude.  My husband went today to pick up a missing item from order from the previous night that they forgot to give us.  Instead of going above and beyond to correct their mistake and guarantee excellent customer service, she proceed to interrogate my husband rudely.  In today's world where there are so many options to eat, you think that people would put their best foot forward to make sure their customers have a good experience. I WILL NEVER spend my hard earned money at that location EVER AGAIN
The play area is nice and clean. Food was normal, not bad, just regular McDonald   s food. The place was clean except the bathroom in the play area
Staff wasn   t friendly AT ALL and these are literally the worst, coldest, most unsalted, most un
Good service but one the staff in the kitchen is way too loud and wouldn 
very nice and respectful customer service, and clean bathrooms!
Usually order ahead in the app and do curbside pickup. Process is easy and discounts are nice through the app. No issues with service or food quality at this location.
It use to be good but they got new owners and it like they are cutting corners to save money. Also the manager  just looks at you and not take your order
Absolutely TERRIBLE customer service. Never in my years of walking this planet have I ever experienced such a terribly trained and terribly managed location. Charging me almost $30 for an order of pancakes and giving ME and attitude when it is THEIR mistake. I very calmly stated that there was an obvious mistake on the receipt, the cashier seemed new, but for some reason the manager thought it was appropriate to put the blame on ME and not their lack of being a good manager and training their employees properly. Disgusting behavior for a problem that required next to NO effort to fix, but the manager sought it better worth their time and effort to be nasty.
Enjoyed watching our two boys play in play area.
Incorrect order and couldn't mix Powerade and sprite for some reason.
"McDonald   s in Roanoke has been a disappointment to me lately. It seemed like a good idea to use them as a fast stop for breakfast on my way to work this past week. Unfortunately I was let down by the service I received.     ½
The first day I ordered In the drive through and the lady taking my order seemed like should could not understand me so when I got to the first window and paid, I asked for a receipt the lady   s response was    We don   t have receipts    When I got to the second window and received my food it was comandwich than what I had ordered.     ½
I decided to try them again one last time the third morning in a row and the service in the drive through was rather rude just like the first time, and I received the wrong size coffee AGAIN.     ½When I asked the man about it his response was    I don ½ï"
They need to get more training. First, they tell me I only paid for the sandwiches not the meal. (Paid $11.54) Two sandwiches doesn't add up  to that. Came back told the girl I'm missing drink. She told me to go back around and re-order.  I go back in line and get my drinks.  I get home, my whole order is wrong. Just looking at through the food, there were eggshels in the eggs. Just terrible.
I went their today got a double quarter pounder meal got a double hamburger meal
Fast food, friendly staff, and ok coffee.
I have been in line for 10 minutes and how you have it set up you have one line you veer to the right of the intercom or to the left but you only have one lane going to those intercoms. I had several people behind me this lady comes around and cuts me off. I got out of my car I said excuse me you almost hit me and could have caused a catastrophic accident . She said that the lady told her to cut in front of me and I said who and the manager of that McDonald's Sylvia said I did. I told her you almost caused a catastrophic accident and she said it's a two-lane and I said no ma'am and other people in line roll their windows down and said it's only a one lane and Sylvia argued with all of us that were  in line  waiting. You're going to have a catastrophic accident there if you don't get two lanes drawn up. Number two, Sylvia should not be arguing with the customers in line and she did not serve us. I never use profanity I told her it was unprofessional and that it could have caused an accident and other people were telling her the same.I'm very disappointed how McDonald's has lowered the bar in hiring people that will argue with their customers when the  are trying to prevent an accident. I thought the motto is safety first.
Went to work this day I was pressed for time but the drive-thru was very fast
I think the morning shift are one of, if not the best, they provide great customer service and good food, definitely coming more to this McDonaldï¿½ï
Absolutely TERRIBLE customer service is an understatement. The manager screams at everyone who is a customer. To me his young pond has no experience in customer service, I have never been to a place had experienced such a terribly trained and terribly managed location, this is very true. I have gone through drive threw and walked in. To see bad people working there, just do not care. I did send message to McDonald's Company, hopefully someone will see what ½ï
The drive through service is horrible. They gave me the wrong order and was told to wait. I waited  for over 5 minutes for them! The manager Maria Gutierrez (might have her last name wrong), FIRE HER!! After waiting for so long, I had to drive through again, only for her to lie and say she gave me my food. Very rude individual. Had lost all my appetite by the time I got the food!
Employees change but as of 07/30/21 at 4:11pm they will put no meat on your burger and no salt on your fries and if you ask for any condiments they will ignore your request. They seem like nice enough people but their service is terrible. *no refund or remake was requested. Never ask for your food to be remade. Don ½ï¿½ï
The manager who attended this Roanoke store was very rude, the ice coffee   s had no caramel flavor, the cookies  ½ï
If you like McDonalds  this is s good one.  I like McDonalds.  ï¿½ï
They always have the nicest staff, and the tables and bathrooms are always clean. I can't figure out why people don't just accept the Golden Arches. The food is good, and nutritious. You don't need to order a big mac every time! Just get a salad!
The directions to get here were a bit off. Service was great. Food wasn ½
Delivery- complete joke! Don't bother taking the time to order sauces for your Nuggets! I ordered 20 spicy,  40 reg, picked out at least 9 different dipping sauces as "required " not to mention Desired by my kiddos!! We did NOT get ONE sauce or even a ketchup!!! Just to make sure they were consistant with disregard, they didn't even give us straws either to go with our $3 mango smoothies...2 of them! So, 60 Nuggets-NO sauces  AT ALL!  Not the first time they have done us wrong on the Nuggets so buyer should be cautious!
f I could give it -5 I would. Ordered on their own mobile app so it seems like they chose not to read /deliver the order actually ordered. I collected , drove 10 + minutes towards home before the kid figured out that his order had every single add on we had requested not be added. I called and , zero apology,  was told to drive back to the drive thru and collect. OH-KAY. Lovely customer service already. I get there and the 'manager' asks me to return the wrong order, I handed it back (untouched) and he made  huge scene of firing it in the trash. emmmm, your mistake. No apology and ALL the attitude ? Never , ever again. Calling the franchise owner. I would hate this guy to represent my business . I felt so sorry for his team mates /peers who were embarrassed by him.
The interior was something I'd never seen before. There were planted boards you could use to place your order before reaching the counter, but the line was short so it wasn't needed. The place was clean and all the orders were right. It was a nice stop for a sit-down quick lunch like how fast food should be.
The person who takes your order always seems to be mad, the cashier is never polite and orders are almost always wrong. Good thing other better places to eat are around here.
They canceled my online order even though I ordered it 40 minutes before close and was just turning into their parking lot. They still had 10 minutes to be open. I understand I   m skimming time but that ½ï¿½ï¿
This location has a fun indoor playroom area. The play equipment always seems to be clean and well-maintained. I take my two-year-old granddaughter there occasionally, and she always has fun. The only reason for the four out of five stars is because their projection screen/interactive play mat has not worked properly since we have been visiting there over the last year. It has partially worked on a couple of occasions and my granddaughter remembers that she enjoyed it. Every time we   re there she stomps on it to try to make it work. She will grab my hand and pull me over to the mat and try and get me to make it work. I
Good quick service! But the lady that works at night front counter is very rude. It's a way to say something. People are spending their money.
When the order is correct, the quality is fine. But I never get an order completely correct, especially if it's a McCafe drink. I would let it go, everyone makes mistakes, but it's constant and employees as a manager have had a terrible attitude about fixing it. If there were another one to go to instead, I would.
Went through the drive thru in a hurry to get my daughter to school, we found a hair in our food and was given the wrong drink. The manager on duty was very apologetic and gave me a refund. Even though I was disappointed with the hair in the food, we were treated very kindly and had no problem getting our money back
"I'll always come back here. The food's always right and the store and bathroom is always clean. Nobody bothers you. I even ate pizza here and the management didn't seem to care and it's a good place to eat and work. There aren't too many good McDonald's you can find a good plug in for your laptop but this one is awesome.

The staff is good and very helpful every time I go there. One day I was low on money but really had to eat. One of the guys who worked there gave me a break and upsized my drink as a courtesy. It was hot as $h&t outside and I had a longer lasting drink to curve the heat."
Actually an especially above average location.  Service and food are what should be expected.  Clean.  Restroom has hands free door opener.  Kids Play Place is especially nice.  Has modern play equipment, toddler area and interactive life size video game station.
So I gave this a 3, mainly because they always get my order right. The customer service is not always there. Its hit or miss. Please Beware! The drive-thru has a narrow turn, I've seen too many cars scrape up the side hitting the barrier at the first window. It doesn't look like you're that close, but I promise, just take a wide turn in the drive-thru
I can only speak to their breakfast as it's the only thing I've purchased there. Service is fast and the food is great.
"Best McDonald's around!
The people who work there are always super nice, the service is very good compared to other McDonald's in this area. And there are NOT any of those horrible self serve kiosks! Oh how I hate those things!!!
The restaurant is clean and we'll maintained.
This is my favorite!"
We love coming here. Tried the Shamrock Mcflurry and it was delicious!
Their employees needs to learn customer service.
Every once in awhile you just got to have a quarter pounder. Today it was a quarter pounder with fries and a Coke. So good. The Quarter Pounders are made with fresh meat now and you can really taste the difference. And everyone knows that McDonald's has the best Fountain Coke. They tested a couple of times per hour just to ensure the formula is Right. Plus, they have those nice fat straws that make for big sips. :-)
This Micky D's is pretty standard. The usual menu options, staff is quick and polite, they generally get your order right... However I am only giving 3 stars because they recently changed their hours and the location is only open until 11 PM daily. This used to be a reliable place for an extremely late night snack, but not anymore. Even the local Wendy's and Taco Bell are open later.
The food is fine. Service at the drive through is horrendous. Unprofessional and unhelpful.  It   s good that ther
Very unsatisfied. My husband and i came to this McDonalds it was locked and we had to used the drive thru and they told us they were accepting cash only. We ordered and they told us to pull around to the second window. We weren   t told our total. We weren   t given a receipt either and we were charged $25 for some late night driving home snacks. Coffe
We did dine in. But used the app to order the food and it was ready in a reasonable time. We also got to enjoy the AC and sit inside and eat.
I went there today with no cars in front of me in the drivethru.I ordered one large Sweet tea it took over 5 minutes for them to get. I should've have just went and got a fountain drink from 7eleven. This one is always slow.
I went to McDonalds this morning for breakfast and got charged for an extra sandwich so I asked for a refund. they refunded the cheaper sandwich which was not the wrong one and I pointed it out and they said I was wrong and they refunded the right one, I was like okay whatever. then they closed to door to fix my drink. they apologize for my inconvenience, smile and tell me to have a nice day, handing over my drink. I get to work and realize they literally only filled it halfway. I was nothing but polite. Petty does not look good on you McDonalds.
Third time in a row to get the hamburger happy meal with just ketchup only to have cheese added each time.  My child will not eat it if cheese has touched it. They have new toys for the kids however we keep getting toys that are 6 months old. Not a good location for the lack of service and food.
I went through the drive-thru and ordered 3 cheese burgers. I waited in line for like 10 minutes. I get to the window and they told me to park because my food wasn't ready. It wasn't even busy, so I didn't understand why it took so long to make 3 cheeseburgers. After waiting in my car for 10 more minutes, I went inside to get a refund since I had to go back to work and I just wasted 20 minutes waiting for food. As soon as I ask for a refund, one of the employees walks up with my food and hands it to me. I guess they forgot I was waiting on it? I will never come back to this location.
The Staff is very rude! Me and My friend were gonna order sonething over the phone. as we were waiting for someone to answer the phone, Me and My friend were telling Jokes to each other. My friend told me a joke and someone answered the phone. we didn   t  anyone was on the line so he kept telling me The joke. so about of No where THE MANAGER tells my friend    Stop prank calling here or I   m Gonna call the cops and send them to your house, I have Your Number     My friend tried to Tell the Manager that he didn   t know someone was on the line. but the Manager decides that he isn ½we calling this Place back unless the Manger apologizes for being rude!
I hate it when I point out a problem and the management tell me that that's the way its supposed to be.  I managed a McDonald's for many years.  I know better. I still order their food regularly all over the country.  I know better. The new manager has made things much better, but standards still slip back to the old ways when he's not here.
I usually defend fast food joints, even McDonalds. Not a very picky person. However this visit to this location was very disappointing. Defying all logic it took a very long time to get my food around noon on a Tuesday despite few cars. The employees were emotionless and seemed to be rushing you through, even though it still took a long time. And then to top it off they got my order wrong.
The Staff is very rude! Me and My friend were gonna order sonething over the phone. as we were waiting for someone to answer the phone, Me and My friend were telling Jokes to each other. I told my friend a joke as  someone answered the phone. we didn   t  hear anyone was on the line so I kept telling her the joke. so out of no where THE MANAGER tells me    Stop prank calling here or I   m Gonna call your house and call the police, I have Your Number    I then hung up. Of course we got mad. so my friend called them and asked for the Manager, He answered and She explained that he misunderstood us. but instead of listening to her, He tells her  ½
The food was McDonald's typical. I like the new design, but as many of them I've been to lately are, it was just filthy. I was there for over an hour and a half letting my kids eat and play and not once did I see anyone clean a table or anything off the floor. It would also be helpful for there to be napkins in the play area so you could clean up messes without leaving your kids or taking the whole crew with you.
They made a mistake on my order but I hadn't left the parking lot yet. I called them and told them and they gave me the correct sandwich right away. Great service!
"What makes this place 5 star to me is the Manager.......Nikko!

Nikko is super friendly, genuinely caring about HONEST customers and makes you wanna come back for some of his cheer.
Service is great here with seldom a mistake in the mornings when I come in.
Th"
This people always try to rush you on the drive through and even if you go inside store, there are always problems with food, last time I went over there I had 2 cold cheese burgers, had to wait for my wife's food and came the wrong way. If you want to eat bacon, tomato and onions good luck trying to find them in burgers, there are just 1 piece to none hahaha.
Places was small and overloaded, was given the wring drinks due to not having propper amounts of staff. The Terminals were all also down. One good thing the food was hot tastey and bathrooms were open
"Really frustrated with this location. I usually go to the location off of Beach street and order the same thing every time I go there. I know exactly how much my order should be. I stop here because I happened to be closer to this location than to my normal one and order my usual. 2 McDoubles. I had just enough change in my wallet to pay for my order. Or so I thought. Instead of paying $1.50  2 + .25 = $3.25, I was charged $1.99 for ONE Mcdouble. It may not seem like much, but to someone who is on the go and on a budget I expect ome of the biggest fast food chains to at the very least be consistent with their prices. I wonder how much I've over paid at this location in the past!
What made me most upset was that I didnt recieve a receipt for my order. So in order to determine why I paid $2.15 after tax for ONE Mcdouble, I went inside to the self ordering in the lobby and looked it up myself. I dont appreciate not being told my total at the speaker, not beinzing I didnt even receive one to begin with when I pulled forward from the pick up window. It should be standard procedure to give a receipt for the sake of the overpaying customers."
Food was good. Everything was right, but they never have any of the toys offered on the mconalds preorder app exept for what they call inisex, which is really just for boys, and were very short with me and rude when i asked for a proper toy for my little 2 yr old daughter. She is obviously not into a avengers.
I've ubered and ordered at this particular McDonald's and I've always had a positive experience. They don't ignore you and they actually get to their customers in the order that they are in. Great team up there and positive work attitude!
Who doesn't love McDonalds fries... quick service it always fast not really a long wait... Mmmmmm fries.....
Love this spot. Convenient location right off of major highways, food is prepared properly, drive-thru turns over quickly, coffee is delicious. No complaints. This is what every McDonald's should be like.
"Fast service, hot fries fresh burgers. It's McD's. Somehow the food is fresher in our drive thru only world...

People at this one always are nice considering they need to deal with peeps like me that never know what they want. It's been the same basic menu for decades. LOL"
If I could give them no stars I would.. they have been messing up my order for year's. Remodel didn't help nothing,  still sucks. I've complained to a district manager,  don't help. I've had 1 nice manager,  but she still got my order wrong... I swear at one point I thought I was on boiling point, or there was a hidden camera. Cuz they got my order wrong 3x's in s row... this place is A JOKE....
It's a pretty nice McDonald's. Not highest quality of food of course cuz it's fast food but I like the fries and getting deals. I've tried the mobile order a few times too and it's cool how they bring it to you and feels like there's less wait.
This restaurant had an nice increase in customer service once new management took over (at least I think it was new MGMT), and a remodel. Now, however, they seem to be sliding back into giving constant wrong orders, not giving there sauces that they make you ask for (don't forget to ask for ketchup at the window, since they don't seem to want to take that part at the speaker).  We are back into driving to the Southlake location to give them it money since they rarely get our order wrong.  Thankfully, we don't eat McDonald's that often anymore, otherwise this review would be lower
Got the buttermilk chicken sandwich and not even sure if there was chicken. Bit untonit and had a cold grey semi solid mass caked in flavorless breading. Fries were soggy and unappealing. Usually no matter what Mcds you go to you expect some consistancy, with this one in Roanoke you can expect consistent bad food. Stay clear of this place. Staff definitely doesn't care and to say the food is subpar would be a compliment.
If you don't know what you're getting into when you go to a McDonald's, you're probably coloring more often than reading. My Sprite tasted EXACTLY like Sprite.
"They watered their parking lot with a poorly-engineered irrigation syztem right before days of hard freeze,let everyone skate through the ice for a day before closing during the majority of the freeze when everyone needed a hot meal.
Whataburger stayed open and served a limited menu to support Roanoke."
"This McDonalds sucks. They recently had a remodel which means the inside is nice and they have the fancy double drive-thru, but unfortunately the remodel could not fix the main issue with this McDonalds: The management.

The management is either not training employees properly or teaching them to bend the rules to keep a good drive-thru timer, because you will always have to pull up at this McD's. Always. Even for perfectly reasonable orders at perfectly reasonable times (1 burger + fry at 3pm = pull up next to the 3-4 other cars already there).

The one manager I've had the displeasure of dealing with was rude as well. I had to go back due to them forgetting several items on an order (that I had to pull up and wait for more than 5 minutes for, no less) and decided I just wanted it refunded to my card. The manager was rude about refusing to put it back on the card and insisting on giving me cash. The best part? He made me pull up to get the cash.

So again: Mis-managed, terrible McDonalds. It's a franchise for a reason, this one just stinks."
"Honestly, I hate to do this, but the moment I walked in, it smelled like a porta potty... and I was like ""let me just order"" I ordered 2 hot and spicy's NO LETTUCE, a large drink and a large fry. The Coke was ok, the fries like always (not full but fresh) and I got one sandwich with lettuce and one without. I told the kid in the front ""this sandwich has lettuce one it"" which prompted him to tell the guy and girl at the grill to please fix it... they shrugged their shoulders and pointed at the monitor and said ""well it only says one sandwich no lettuce...""

I mean come on guys. The kid at the register made an honest mistake and instead of going back and forth with him, just fix the dang sand which! Don't sit there and argue. So the guy in the back snatched the sand which and threw it! At that point I asked for a refund.. little did they know, I speak Spanish. So when the assistant manager asked me what happened I explained to her and she let out this LOOOONNGG sigh... so sorry I am an inconvenience to you, but if you were to train your team members some customer service this wouldn't have been an issue. Jesus, the kid at the register was really nice and well mannered. He gets a 5 star. But my experience was just horrible."
They seemed overwhelmed at lunch in Drive thru. Very slow. Then when at window was asked to pull forward when simply ordering a number 2 with nothing special added? Seriously, a quarter pounder takes extra time to make? Now I remember why I dislike McDonalds.
Don't use the app & have your husband pick up unless he takes your device because they won't give you the food you've ordered AND paid for!! Never had a problem at this store until now. THUMBS DOWN ON THE MCDS APP AND MANAGEMENT!!!
It's McDonald's.  Double drive thru. Good service.  McDonald's menu. Nice triple window different way to service when busy seems to speed things up. So if your racing 114 to work. Its a block through the parking lot or South down 377 (mess in traffic) if heavy use the parking lot entrance to the same menu you see coast to coast and around the globe.
I come here every morning for breakfast on my way to work. Ever since they got the "Angry Bird eyebrows chick" workin the drive through my order is always wrong. Not a little wrong like very wrong! Today was a simple order of a Coke and a sausage biscuit with strawberry jam. But she trys to give me a Frappuccino. Then after I clarify what I ordered again I get a Dr pepper instead of a Coke and then grape instead of strawberry. This is a everyday occurrence when she is working the drive-thru window. I even have talked to the shift manger and he laughed it off. I cant wait for the new Mc Ds to open on 114 and 35!!
I wouldn't normally write a review, especially for a McDonalds that I go to often, but recently I have been going through the drive through and have seen a man that has twice as much enthusiasm as anybody else working there. I believe his name is Brandon, but every time I go he always seems to brighten my day.
Crazy manager at this McDonald's abusing customers. I've never been to McDonald's THAT HAS YOUNG latin Manger yelling at customer. I was surprised as he hanging out the drive-thru window and people just driving away.
God is love, but this McDonald don't have love. Manager are rude and not professional. I order my food instead of her thanking me I thank her.  That's something Jesus will do. I will pray for her tho. I just don't think it's a place to relax and enjoy your family time.
Absolute worst service. The manager has no control over her employees. Absolutely rude and unprofessional.
This place is the worst.  It smelled like manure.  I had to go to the counter like 3 times before the order was complete. Cold fries and burnt apple pies. I didnt like this olace at all.  Next birthday for my grandson will be somewhere else.
Some people still swear that McDonald's has the best coffee. It's not my personal favorite, but it's good and inexpensive. Discounts for seniors. Love the value meal selections too.
Very clean lobby and facility. Coffee was fresh. Service was quick.
The kiddos love to stop by and play in the play places.  This location has a bathroom in the play area which is awesome for the potty training years.  The resturant and play area was very clean and staff was around every so often to check on the cleaniness.  This is one of our favorite locations to visit.
Classic fast food with addictive french fries. Burgers are prepared and cooked the same across the US. Consistency and quality are worth each visit.
Very disappointed with this McDonald's! I ordered a crispy buttermilk chicken sandwich meal and supersize my order when I drove uo to the window I paid my total and then I sat there waiting for about 5 minutes so I said to myself maybe they're cooking a fresh chicken so I didn't mind the wait. Well when I got home I took the first bite on the sandwich and let me tell you THAT CHICKEN HAD BEEN SEATING ON THE HEAT PAN FOR A VERY LONG TIME BECAUSE IT WAS LITERALLY HARD LIKE A ROCK AND IT WAS NOT JUICY AT ALL IT WAS VERY DRY! and then the fries that I got were overcooked every single one of them were burnt!
This is the worst McDonald's I've ever been to. I've tried it several times, mostly because it's on the way to my work...but after today, honestly, I'd rather skip breakfast all together. I got a completely soggy hash brown, soggy all the way around. I got a small caramel frappe with a shot of espresso. They put the espresso on the bottom and just poured the Frappe on top, so all I got was espresso when I first tried it. To add insult to injury, they put it in a small cup and dumped the rest out (it should have been in a medium cup). I worked at a McDonald's for over 2 years and this one does not follow procedures at all
Always enjoy this McDonald's and I am not a fan of the food. The food is hot and correct majority of the time. The play area is great and staff is friendly. Keep up the good work.
They were wicked fast and very friendly! I had actually stopped going to any McDonalds because of bad experiences elsewhere with really dry nuggets. Did not regret getting food there today.
Always fast, their food always tastes much more delicious than other mcdonalds.
The food was fresh, but of course it should be during lunch hour, the staff couldnt keep up with the flow of customers coming in. They handed me the wrong order which had a triple cheeseburger on it (which i ate with no regret) instead of the two cheeseburger meal i ordered.
I used to go to this McDonald's every morning for breakfast. The customer service has gone to hell and they haven't gotten my order correct in the drive thru for 8 days in a row. No one speaks English well enough to complain, they just look at you and smile.
This McDonald's screws up 96% of the time! Tonight was the last straw. My husband ordered 2 large fries, 2 PLAIN McChickens, and 2 large drinks.....The drinks were great.....the rest was not even what he ordered and OLD. In the bag was a fillet o fish (which to my surprise was the only fresh thing), 2 medium 5 year old fries, and 2- 10 year old cheeseburgers...seriously, the cheeseburgers were so old the cheese was crusting. Where is the quality????? They don't care if people are upset and/or get food poisoning?? Granted my husband should have checked the bag before leaving, but he didn't think to (not surprised). I was definitely upset the order was wrong and said whatever and we were going to eat it because we basically got smaller fries, but an extra sandwich, but those CHEESEBURGERS were so horrendous that whoever put that order together should be fired because it was just wrong..meat and cheese was well past shelf life and the pics I upload will show it. Way to go McDonald's for providing POOR SERVICE yet again.
Urger buns taxted stale. Fries were little more than broken potato sticks. Absolutely terrible location!
Clean play area for children, minimal staff but working hard. I asked for veggie sandwhich because I am a vegitarian, i said "lettuce, tomatoes, cheese, onion stuff like that" but my sandwhich came out with pickles and cheese. :0( they took it back put a tomatoe and 1 peace of lettuce on it. I wish McDonalds had a nice big veggie sandwich to fill me up.
"I just want to say
1. MCDonalds does NOT take phone orders!also you would not believe the amount of prank calls they get a night
2. There hasn ½"
It's insane how McDonald's now announces there burgers are now real beef. Hmmm big problems have now surfaced with child obesity.  Their food is good but usually your order will be wrong or short of something.  Bring on the robots. Starting with Corporate
First time in a long time that I have been to McDonald's and the staff actually treated me like they appreciated my being a customer. I took off 1 star because they were stingy with the mayo on my hamburger.
They were closed on new year's eve and there was no sign put out. The Google hours showed open, couple of cars pulled up the drive through but no response and lights were on like they were in there.
Ew omg, the coke is so disgusting, it does not taste like coke, it taste so disgusting, and they take their time like i don't have a 30 minute lunch  
Took my 3 year old here to eat and play in the play place. There was a homeless man sitting in there with his no socks or shoes on. Multiple employees walked by him without saying anything
What's with the weak coffee?! The McDonald's coffee usually has a great flavor, this morning its like dirty warm water, weak and diluted! During breakfast lunch, unacceptable!
I've never had a good experience with any McDonald's I've ever been to, so I usually avoid McD if possible.  My only visit to this McDonald's in Roanoke messed up my order.  I had ordered 2 hamburgers with no mustard, fries and drink.  I get home only to discover that the hamburgers did not have ketchup and onions, but were instead covered in mustard.  Won't be back.
They are doing a remodel for the lobby. But the drive through was open. Associate was very nice and we had a nice conversation while waiting on the food.
They have big macs :) but no all day breakfast :(... mobile app works well though, make sure you activate the order when u arrive "I'M HERE" or no one will know what you're talking about
Drive thru lady is awful. The service was horrible
Girl taking orders in the drive through didn't listen very well. Asked for 2 hashbrowns it was never added to my order. I said it 3 times.
Today they see me inside waiting for orden and no body attend me today 7/22/21 time 6:27 am they look at me 3 time and don't ask can I help you..and the male manager he see me and ignore me..I like this mcdonal I'm the truck driver I coming every day but this male is not good..and  I left with hungry..!!!
This is the second time I've been to this McDonald's and waited longer than 10 minutes with no service. Went at 2pm no one in line no one in drive thru. #poorservice #lazystaff don't even realize they being photographed while sitting at their table
It's pretty much just a McDonald's. The woman at the window was friendly, but my order was incorrect the first time around and although they did fix it it took a bit more time than i would've liked.
Very dissappointed today. Sunday breakfast, understaffed, very very slow service. Customers had to ask for utensils, cream, etc with every order. Staff seemed to suffer from inadequate training and nobody seemed to be hustling.
THE STAFF WAS KIND AND COURTEOUS. THEY QUICKLY CORRECTED MY ORDER WHEN I RECEIVED IT WITHOUT KETCHUP OR BBQ SAUCE
Ordered a Big Mac with bacon didn't get the bacon on it. Fries were cold. And the gentleman inside was spitting in the trash can ill never go back again
You are sure of a good meal every time! Had a great brunch there today.
Awesome vanilla cones!!
My over 20 year experience with McDonald's Restaurants in this area (Southlake, Grapevine, Keller, Northlake, and north FW) This one is by far the best one. I have been eating food regularly from this Roanoke McDonald's for a little over a year now.  This is the only place that makes the Big Mac the way I remember it as a kid. I do not post reviews often at all. I am making this one because of my experiences at all of the area McDonalds. If you decide to eat McDonald's, go to this one.
That was the best quarter pounder I've had in years! .for real! Every once in awhile it's great. I would have taken a picture...but I wasn't thinking. Picture perfect
The ladies restroom smell horrible. Moldy and mildew-y smell. Very very strong smell that I could smell through my mask.
This location had me pull up to a number lane and wait for my food and NEVER CAME with it!! wth!!
Charged me for someone else who already drove offs meal. Then got my order wrong. Spent 20 minutes for fast food in the drive thru
Order some food and they forgot to give me , my Cheeseburgers... I always check the bag before I leave. I told them and the girl said it was in there...I told her you want to come and check...
Ate inside,  food was fine and order was correct.    Overall was a good visit.    Just wish was a little cleaner of a restaurant.
The service at this McDonald's is always spotty, this time they made my iced latte a hot latte not a big deal but they consistently mess up the orders and I love McDonalds in general
We go to this McDonalds because they had a really cool electronic board that the kids could play on it was interactive and very neat well for the last five times they tell us the board is broke.. we only get a drink there I'm so we only go to for the play area and since it's broke my son has been very sad
I think this place is under new management. I had a quarter pounder and it was really good and made right. Friendly service and very clean.
Great neighborhood McD. It's not open 24/7, but has enough friendly staff to keep its drive through going while quickly serving your order if you're inside.
17 minutes in the drive thru. . . ..just wow.. had the order incorrect at the pay window. . .food was extremely hot so that was nice.
Unfortunately they got my order wrong, but I still gave 4 stars bevause the employees are always so nice and friendly.
Good food,friendly service and pretty quick as well
It's ok food wise mostly I've had few issue with my coffee so I don't get coffee anymore there but the workers are very attentive and nice..
Iced mocha is awesome they make it just right  
Guys just to let you know. I hate McDonald's!.... I just keep coming back and knowing that's its killing me. What I'm trying to say is that im addicted and I cant stop eating. I eat because I'm unhappy and I'm unhappy cause I eat. Lol 5 star
Clean and good service. The only problem is the drive through window always open because the busy order during morning, flies get in easily.
Came here for McDonald's, was not disappointed.... Loved the arches, some lady hit the curb behind me, kinda funny. Food and service were great.
The manager did not have all the equipment working the order was messed up and they did not have the option to do Google or Apple pay or take credit cards or scan anything on the McDonald's app.
Twice I ordered the quarter pounder deluxe meal and when I get back to work to eat, no lettuce and tomatoes.  Come on!!
It's a McDonald's- standard to a fault.  Has a pretty clean interior but not a lot of booth seating.  The food is what you would expect from McDonald's
I walk into the store in Roanoke TX and the employee is sitting on the counter and leaning on the cups with his but touching them I wonder where else he's been sitting at maybe where the food is made.
good for when ya need it.. that new spicy chicken sandy  ½ï
"There worse ! Wet lettuce  or dead.
Fries or nasty burnt dried up 5.00 Sunday Sept 25.  Made attempt  to call management  but kept  hanging  up there phone. This restaurant  needs to shut down."
Good drive thru setup. Orders have been correct every time.
Manager waited on lacked enthusiasm. Team member stocking lids napkins and straws didn't bother stepping aside for customers to get their articles needed.
They get the order right, the good is always hot.  The kids enjoy the play place and the whole place is clean.
How do you miss a patty on a big mac? -_- First time going there too.
Horrible customer service. Manager is a very unhappy person who obviously does not want to be there.
I used the drive through to order food before going to work. Service was a little slower than usual, but food was hot.
Flavorless grease bombs. This chain in general has gone down hill in a big way.
Rude on the drive thru speaker and at the window the only postive was the person who  gave me my food. She was very kind and polite to me.
"Best mc Donalds EVA!!!
they made for me fresh coffee (super quick) , and the cookies were just baked, you made my night guys!"
Sat in the drive thru for about 15 to 20 min because they were very busy and still got very cold food. Took the fries back. Very disappointed.
Took my nephew to play & eat. First one ive been to with a working interactive floor projection game. Suited my needs
I was told to pull forward and park so I did and I waited for 30 minutes and when I went in to ask about my food they said they forgot about me. I got a refund and left.
Not a big fan of McDonald's but I do love their fries and cheeseburgers!
The staff is rude. My orders are seldom correct. Management is indignant when you call with an issue.
This is a McDonald's so the food is normal and good I liked the service here and would come again
Went for the kids play area. It smelt musty and like mildew. Kinda gross. But the  again it's McDonalds so my expectations weren't super high.
Best damn McDonalds I've ever been too,  best of service and finally all orders were right!! Rock on
Ordered a mcgriddle. Got a mcempty. Horrendous place.
This is the best McDonalds around. They always get it right , fresh and fast
Amazing Night Crew and Management! Very professional and friendly staff. Great Service!
Fastest drive thru McDonalds in the area. Friendly customer service. The restaurant kids area is always clean and kept up.
"I am not usually a fan of Mickey D's, but this is a great place for a good fast breakfast. A great staff.

Lance"
Just not a friendly place to eat and u rise your prices during covid19 u should be a shame of yourself never again will I eat here again.
It's McD's with your usual rude service. We were there veterans weekend and were greater with friendly service, unusual.
Surprisingly friendly service
Clean and nice but I wish the playground did not have broken lights and projector
My wife watched the lady cleaning the bathroom take the mop bucket straight to the lobby where she mopped the floor then the bench where people sit. Same water, same mop, same bucket, disgusting!
Efficient even when busy. Can't speak for the inside but clean parking lot and drive thru lane.
Look nice as they just updated,  service sucks still. I can bet on them forgetting something every time. Management is bad.
Only had 8 nuggets in my box and the fries were way past shelf life.
Only ever had one order correct and they are pretty slow for never being busy.
Keep up the good work. The food was hot and fresh. Super impressed with this facility.
It's McDonald's .. always reliable, wide menu, consistently original tastes. Get the app for some fantastic deals!
great job
Always great service  one of the faster drive-thru
Someone who doesn   t know how to
Just like any other McDonalds. The bathrooms are clean and the service is good.
You have it your way at McDonald's always good and fast
The food is good the service is fast, but they ALWAYS seem to screw up your order or and forget something.  Napkins, utensils eta.
Always good service and friendly.
The one by my house in Parkland had mice and rats they were closed down I wouldn't go to another McDonald's they're filthy inside.
Food was great this morning. Need to turn A/C on so it's not so moist n humid inside.
The Latino Girl that works there has a bad attitude. Other than that , it's a nice experience.
Bad place didn't get my fries or a hamburger.
Service was fast enough and prices were alright. The nuggets weren't up to traditional McDonald's standards.
"We know that the order is good quality and we can count on getting exactly what we order.
Thanks"
Getting better but better check your order
I was not there. I do not eat there.
Food is good . Drive thru line takes too long .
If you go in it's okay, but check your order before you leave the drive thru.
Fun for the kids, the staff was nice, and the food was good for McDonald's. The AC was great :)
How can this place change staff so often and guaranteed to get tour order wrong
When you gotta have your Big Mac fix there's no place like this.
No time to make quality prepared food, fries Luke warm, burger buns hard with no moisture . totally disappointing
Took 20 minutes inside this morning for 1 sausage & bisquit.  Food was OK. Warm.
DISGUSTING! Do NOT eat here. Hair in food! Elliot the manager did absolutely nothing and didn ½ï
Staff was efficient and polite & many compliments on the cleanliness of the play area.
Repeated wrong orders and long wait times for standard orders. I make a longer drive to another McDonalds to avoid this one.
It took 13 minutes to get my order and when I got it and sat down to eat, the lady came my table and moped under my table. Wow!!!!
They have separate AC for their play area which is awesome.
Waited in line a long time. Everything ice cold.  Fries tasted like old fryer oil.
Waited 15 mintues for 2 chicken sandwiches and a medium fry. Trash cans whete full.
They make me wait a long time to get my order
11 minutes between order and food,  then 5 more for the rest of the order, hash browns sausage muffin soda, nothing extra or fancy
Always love me a Royale with cheese
They gave us wrong order...  had to wait 15 mins r longer to get are right order
Clean and friendly . Great deals on the McDonald's app. Check it out .
Almost no fries, old cheeseburger, sweet tea with no sugar, a phone that just rings with no answer.
Always check your order. Said Sausage Egg McMuffin.... Got sausage muffin no egg.
Fraco and other workers work hard to get paid,i saw them today running around getting orders-10/23/18
Why go to this McDonald's when I can go literally anywhere else that won't be jerks to me and get my order wrong and then be even more rude when I tell them politely it's wrong.
The folks here were so great.  I would highly recommend  there in the furniture
FAST MADE IT BACK FROM LUNCH ON TIME FOOD WAS HOT AND FRESH
Breakfast at Mickey Ds, cant really go wrong!
Good service. Burger was not fresh. Meet was dry.
Clean facility, polite staff, and food served hot. Can't ask for more!
Fry's weren't cooked all the way.
No complaints
Very helpful in meeting my request purchasing cookies.
They've got some lovely burgers, good price ty
Breakfast only for  Dollar and a half Big Biscuit sausage nice Brown
McDonalds is good even when its bad which is almost never
Nice place to have quick lunch without any interruption or delay.
Good service hot fresh food,  fast counter service
Fast service, friendly and courteous people. I would eat here again.
They got our order wrong like three times I revisited. Never again
This mcdonald's is always fast and friendly
Worst service, terrible food, especially when receiving wrong order & employee had attitude.
This is unfortunately the closest McDonald's to me. The food is always gross. They always..ALWAYS give me raw fries. AND A COLD BURGER. It's infuriating.
I used that restroom. Don't eat here.  
"Fast fresh food no African
American people only one race that concerms me"
Food is good and place is clean,  great staff.
Indoor playground smells of mold. The ceiling and ventilation have black mold.
Great kid friendly option especially during these hot Texas summers.
Quick and friendly customer service.
Great, fresh food, hot and ready, friendly staff.
Weird drive thru but everything OK
Good and fresh. Even coffee
Everyone was very nice store was clean service was very good
Theyre always updating the play area. Been bringing my kid here since he was born
Roanoke public library sponsors a short time here and it's so fun!
Customer serv I very is getting better but still not up to par.
They are fast but they almost always screw up your order!
This one of the cleanest, and friendliest McDonalds in the entire DFW.
Only go for the coffee but have to let them bring it to my car every time speed it up please
This is the cleanest McDonald's I have ever been to.
Egg McDuffie hit the spot.  Drive thru was quick and staff was great.
It's a Mcdonald's.. We all know what they offer.
Order taker was the most rude I have ever encountered anywhere.
The fish fillet sandwich shows lettuce but the one I got did not have lettuce
Always crowded, but not because the service and food is good, but because badly staffed. Day and night.
It's McDonald's. And yes their ice cream machine is broken 90% of the time.
Ice cream machine was not working!  Pleasant employees.
Nice, clean and respectful. Unlike some areas in the Dallas area
The music they play suck please get rid of it put some 50s 60s and 70s
It's a McDonald's. They're fine if you're in the mood for McDonald's.
Service is slow, food same as other McDonalds
I love it everything is perfect to need to question any thing.
Good hot food and excellent customer service
On the cheap, greasy place to go. Always consistent from one to next
Dirty food on the floor only one table clean ! Drink area was a mess
My food was fresh,  right on time.
It was ok but the food was cold
Food is good. Employees friendly. In and out.
People are always nice.
Always fast and accurate when going thru drive thru
It's McDonalds. Yuck but it will do in a bind.
Like everything about it, but just don't like how the restroom smells...
The fries were not cooked some were still ice cold inside.
They couldn't get an order right if their life depended on it.
They got order completely wrong.  Overcharged.  At that
best
Wonderful staff and selection. Orgazinered store too.
Service was fast and friendly.
There's always something they r out of, this last time no ice cream
Fun play place and we like the ice cream cones
They will mess up your order constantly
Orders are always wrong, staff is unfriendly and slow.
Great location always fast and friendly.
The employee at drive thru and fast service
Slower then molasses and never get your order right.
I got sick within one hour of eating here.
Got order confused, but no harm, just had to clarify.
Easy in and out, friendly drive thru employees
The employees are so unfriendly.
Definitely Mackey d's
Always check your bag... It's McDonald's
The kids enjoyed it more than I did
They get my order wrong alot
Best fries you can have.
Awesome service and food was hot
almost always wrong, but super nice staff.
It's McDonald's food was ok
Great service. Very fast.
Food was hot service was fast
Love the food always will
They are overpriced and had no condiments
Got order wrong.  Grunt a "here ya go".
Very rude keep talking to each other not to customer
Simply one of the few best ones McD
A bit slow on the drive through.
The worst McDonald's I have been to across Texas!
Big Mac and fries, can't go wrong!
Great food and speedy service
Always pretty good. That's a good thing!
Hot and fresh fries about burned my mouth
My soda came out as thicc as my ex
Today was good enjoying a mocha frappe
Really good service
Good food, fast service.
Best ice coffee best price!
My son loved this place.
don't go at night it's horrible
Great Salads Except For Stale Boiled Egg.
Ice cream machine didn't work.
Prices are cheap to go out to eat.
I'm in luv with the manager daisy  
Great service every time.
Great people and great service everytime
It is normal just like any other one. Nothing special.
Food always wrong and over cooked
Enjoyed eating there
Same 0 same 0,  ½ï¿½
Mmm mcrib
Its okay when your hungry and in a rush
easy in easy out  quick  professional
It's ok. Average.
Really good service and good bathrooms
Good quick tasty
Good Tex Mex and margaritas.
Mushroom Burger was a little bit weak
Always fast. Always friendly.
On point 250 break menu
Found a hair in my big mac
They forgot my order
My kid could live here..
Great service, great people!
Great price on breakfast.
Just like any mcdonalds
It's McDonald's,what else can you expect?
Great people great food
Quick reasonable filling
Great customer service!
My grandson's favorite place
Service was fast and good
Friendly staff and clean restaurant
Has got better over the years
Fast service and good food
ýýýý ýýý
Very friendly service
Cleab playplace and a friendly staff
Great food
Gotta love a big mack
Clean and well staffed
Great friendly service
Good service good food
Good food
Vary good
It was OK
Because it has a place ground
Good coffee
Always what is expected from Micy
Typical McDonald's experience.
"It is McDonald's

I had #3"
ýýýý are always Fresh... ýýý
Very clean and friendly.
It was a great breakfast
I hate here often
Best customer service
A little on the dirty side.
They suck
Good service, fast
Fast, kind personnel.
If your in hurry i guess
Fast drive thru
Helpful and quick service
Slow service and rude
Very slow service
Good.
Like for quick bite
Love this place in town ....
I'm fat ok
Best McDonald's ever!!!!!
Nice  place  to eat
Just love this place
Not good service
Excellent 
Terrible
Quick service
Lines too long
Mmmmm
Not a fan.....
Not enough smiles
It's just another McDonald's
Like it very much
Good coffee.
Loving it
Good as usual...
Super
It's... McDonald's.  What else can you say?
Nice playplace
Meh.....
Fast
Denton
Love storytime!
You know what you get
Average at best
Good, as usual.
It was great  
Meh
Good for the kids
Just an okay McDonald's.
Great
Always good
Love the McChicken
Dirty!!!!
Good
Great place.
it's McDonald's what else is there?
Great
Perfect
Very busy!
Same ol McDonald's
It was aight
As American as it gets!
Could be better
It was ok.
Fast and accurate
Very clean
Fast service
Bad service
Poop on urinal
K
Typical
Fresh fries.
Slow
It's McDonald's
Quick Service.
Excellent 
Fast service
Fast food!
Friend service
Lovin' it.
Spicy mcchickens
Nasty place
Ok mcdonalds
Cheap meals.
Chicken nugget
SLOW...SLOW...SLOW
It's McDonald's
It's McDonald's
SUCK !!!!!!!!
very bad service
My children love it, it's fine for breakfast, for a meal, oh, whether you're craving an iced coffee or an iced drink
Excellent service and kindness
Good attention
It's a good place I visit it 4 days a week I love McDonald's
They serve you very well the hamburgers make them at the moment thanks McDonald's
The staff is super friendly and the food is very good!
Delicious freshly baked chocolate chip cookies.
It took me a long time and my food was cold
Excellent food and service
All good
Very badly
I like it a lot
Mickey DEES mink
Good morning care.
Very tasty!!
Good 
Excellent 
Great taste!
disapointed 
Excellent 
Poor 
Good 
Pleasant
I do not like the food
the food is so-so
Excellent 
good big mac
Neutral
Good 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Poor 
Poor 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
disapointed 
disapointed 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Neutral
disapointed 
disapointed 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Good 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
disapointed 
Good 
Poor 
Neutral
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
disapointed 
Excellent 
Good 
Poor 
disapointed 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
disapointed 
Excellent 
disapointed 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Poor 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Neutral
Poor 
Good 
Good 
Poor 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Poor 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
disapointed 
Excellent 
disapointed 
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Poor 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
disapointed 
Neutral
Poor 
Good 
Neutral
disapointed 
Poor 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
disapointed 
disapointed 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
disapointed 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Poor 
Excellent 
disapointed 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Poor 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
disapointed 
disapointed 
disapointed 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
disapointed 
Good 
Neutral
Neutral
disapointed 
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
disapointed 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Poor 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
disapointed 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Poor 
Excellent 
disapointed 
disapointed 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
disapointed 
Good 
Excellent 
disapointed 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
disapointed 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Poor 
Good 
Neutral
disapointed 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Neutral
Terrible
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Neutral
Poor 
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Terrible
Excellent 
Poor 
Terrible
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Good 
Poor 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
The chicken nuggets were overly greasy and seemed like they were reheated, and the staff lacked basic customer service skills.
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Poor 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Terrible
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Terrible
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Poor 
Neutral
Good 
Terrible
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Poor 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Terrible
Good 
Good 
Poor 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Terrible
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Neutral
The food was tasteless and lacked any flavor, and the staff was unresponsive to my concerns.
Excellent 
Good 
Terrible
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Terrible
Excellent 
Poor 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Poor 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Poor 
Excellent 
I only eat at this specific location when I don   t have time to travel elsewhere. The McDonalds at Newark Penn Station AND Broad & Market street got way better service than this one. No one speaks English, so there ½
Extremely busy Friday night and everybody was busting their butt working so hard. This needs to be acknowledged. They have earned more than five stars. Great job, everyone.
"Every single time I order on Uber eats or DoorDash or even go to the Drive thru, part of my order is missing. I call to speak to the manager and all I get is attitude. This is an issue as not always do these delivery app   s refund you.  Or to drive back isn   t something you can always do.

As someone who was manager at one of the top McDonald   "
It sucks because this place does have good staff, but there   s also staff that just doesn   t care. I ordered an iced caramel frapuccino in the drive thru, they asked me to park and had someone bring a hot frappe. I told the woman it should   v
They had no remorse for people person like me and decentcy come with more smell with people like homelessness in mcds these days we needed help. Tamn I hated with all passion . I better off save my cash.shes
they stole my car I went in forgot my wallet went back to the car to get the had booted and towed it that wanting of burger and drink and mc chicken with cheese cost me 840 plus a damage tire and bumper not to mention my engine is now making a noise like the car was towing by the mount total cost of repair in the 1000's whatever you do dont go there there is white castle across from  them never had my car stolen by a mcdonalds before they ruin my birthday plans and damage m ride and cost me my paychecks and ruin mothers day I will be suing say you self go somewhere else
Avoid this place at all cost. I ordered a double hamburger (with onions, pickles, ketchup and mustard), but received a single patty hamburger (with onions, pickles and ketchup). When I called the store to inquire about this issue, the person on the phone insist us to return to the store for a replacement. It   s a 30 minutes trip for us. We obviously did not r
Ordered a 4pcs chicken nugget happy meal for my daughter. Drive thru worker never asked if I wanted chocolate milk or apple juice and never asked what kind of sauce I wanted for the nuggets. Smh! I'm sorry but a kids happy meal shouldn't cost no more than 5 dollars not no 7 dollars! Smh twice
i came here at 1:06am after i had gotten off work, google says they close at 2am so it was plenty of time before they    closed   . I went through the drive through and nobody responded so i pulled up to both windows and was ignored by three different people. Two women just sat there 
They did not give me my complete order, I made 3 order  of chicken deluxe and my order was missing fries whet back to made a complain and they were yelling at me and husband, this is not fear to the customer. People should be aware  of this  Mcdonald at Broadway and check their food properly before they leave drive thru. Those staff there are thief.
"There was an excruciating 15 minute wait time for two simple breakfast sandwiches, and the place was empty. When checked, the sandwiches were actually missing the cheese.
While waiting, some filthy guy was exchanging $80 in singles for twenties. After he got done with his banking transaction, he actually spun around and walked right into me- talk about the bum rush!!
The true danger here, though, is when you try to enter. There is a welcome sign at the curb directing cars to enter into a single lane driveway where the drive-thru actually exits. A head-on collision waiting to happen.
Stay far away from this place."
Good price clean and good services
Very bad service, I don't recommend to go there. 30 minutes waiting for a order and nobody say nothing.
I ordered a Big Mac meal sized medium and a 10 pc; I got a double cheeseburger and actually 5 McNuggets. Got robbed for nearly 10 dollars. Never again.
They are very rude and have no respect for people they yell at you like you did something wrong then the make you wait for your order then they get the order wrong and the best part nobody there speaks any English burger King for me
Terrible service through the drive by. They threw out food into the bag and it isn't the first time. I use to come here alot as a kid, but growing up it got worse. I hope their employees can have better customer service. And don't throw food everywhere.
It's McDonald's! One of the most ratchetest places you can visit for fast food
Customer service is the worst! So unprofessional every time. Lunch menu is up and when I asked for a kids meal they said they only had breakfast! And their excuse was that the menu change by itself! They don   t give you your complete order all the time (always missing something)they rushed
Sun Dec 11, 2022 at 5: 30am, went to pick up a order lady was being very rude telling me to get out of her drive thru when all I said was I have a order to pick. Very unprofessional.
"The worst. Attitudes. Cold fries..twice!!!! The clerk gave the cleaning guy my order in the middle of him sweeping the floor, to bring to my car. Unsanitary!!!
2nd time....the order was still wrong.
Food wasn't good at all. Won't be going back."
Incorrect hours!!!  I arrived at 5:52 in the morning and was informed that they still closed
Horrible service from the night shift manager .!! I would also love to speak to a distric manager.!
As a frequent customer of this McDonald   s I am furious that you have your workers working under a heat wave with no type of air conditioning. I walked in to order with my kids and had to take my order to the car and eat in car which was very uncomfortable with 4 kids bet way better than eating in a place where it was difficult to breath. If you treat your employees like this than this is the reason your customer service in this locate is poor. As a franchise you shouldn   t be involved in this type of business never the less in any type of customer service business. I will not be returning to this location as my money is worth more to other busine
The time I was there very busy. I ordered the a new cheese cake, so I had to wait. I didn't  have  to wait to long. A associate brought it to the car.
"Number of times we've ordered from this McDonalds: 3
Number of times they've gotten the order right: 0

It cannot be spelled out any clearer. ""Quarter pounder. Absolutely nothing on it. No cheese. Just the meat and the bun."" It is so simple. Under normal circumstances I would stick around for them to get it right. But they have a steady supply of drugged out homeless people begging for money right there in the drive through line, so running that gauntlet a second time is downright dangerous.

So I get home to see if i can salvage this order. Pull the bun all the way off to start scraping fake cheese off of it. The stale, burned bun breaks (picture). I successfully scrape the cheese product off the top only to find there's another slice of fake cheese underneath the patty as well.

I give up. #FightFor15, indeed"
"One the worst service I ever had.by having so many stuff.. by18:25pm 6th Thursday waiting for ever food... unorganized stuff and manger.
I left with taking my food. Couldn "
Mediocre service at this location. Huge language barrier as most staff are not fluent in English (nothing against them for this) but they do give very poor service
Extremely rude and attitude for absolutely no reason. My boyfriend and I mobile ordered and once we got home, realized they forgot to give us one of our sandwiches that we ordered. My boyfriend called and the lady who answered responded with    y   all didn   t bother to check the b
Extremely frantic McDonald   s for no reason. They make people park instead of waiting at the drive thru. The line is minimal and happens at every single fast food place you can th
This place is terrible managers have the worst attitudes. I was there around 9 getting food w my mom when she asked the lady to give Us barbecue and ketchup and then she said oh no ketchup and buffalo and the lady aka the manager goes     don   t start with a attitude which one is it    nobody was giving  attitude but her. Most deff should Quit  if she doesnï¿½ï¿½
Very tasty and very unhealthy. Perfect for weight gain and problems with digestion system. Still worth it. Try Double Quater Pounder Cheese, it was amazing.
This location sucks! They do one thing right   mess up your order! Get all the way home to find out there is food missing and the f
I went through one of the drive thru lanes last night, and waited for about 15 minutes as they only took orders from the other lane. I was not able to back up my car, so I went forward to ask what was up. When I got to the only window open, they said they were only taking orders from one side. I suggested they put up a sign, and asked if could take my order at the window, they said I would have to go through the drive thru again. I am not going here anymore for this, in addition to the times they got my order wrong.
Young man at the order pick up was so unproffesional, direspecfull, .  The  Manager a lady was just  laughing while the young employ ½e was direspecting me today.  racial motives.. Anyway!! I didnt  know what was funny to that manager!!  Security even came but wasn't able to do something.. The store employe (young man) was obviously trying to escalate the situation.
This Mc Donald   s is ran poorly. The management is nasty and they ignore paying customers. They leave the register to a guy that also has to take both in store and drive way orders. The fries sit out all day. I came home to cold frozen
OMG!!!  Last time I order 3 double cheeseburger  they look like they were sitting there for hours. So this time I ask the girl that I want my burgers fresh so they come up with the brilliant idea of putting the burgers and the fries in the microwave so they would be nice hot and fresh
This place is not good at all the manager Had an attitude when I went with my mom and a few friends we ordered our milkshakes and fries and when my mom   s friend asked for barbecue sauce and ketchup she realized that she wanted ketchup and buffalo sauce so she asked the manager and the manager said and I quote     Which one is it   . Then my mom   s friend looked up and said buffalo and ketchup I guess
McDonald's is the worst food you can feed to your kids and for yourself the burger     bun so hard it Crack your teeth by the time you get to your car the food is cold     and McDonald's has the same menu from the 80s and 90s you better off cooking at home and with this inflation nobody has money  
This McDonald's is just wow. Some days you get good food the majority of times is just bad food. I ordered a big mac meal from them. When i got it the bread was old hard like it's been sitting there forever. The nuggets were old. Awful customer service. The majority of staff are pretty much children. There's no type of discipline or order in this place. If you don't like your job just quit it's that simple. But we're paying alot of money for service like this that's just obserred. This place needs new staffing management everything.
Newark  Penn station It's a rough atmosphere to work in at least is the not square it's not that bad not great it's not 5 star restaurants but the people treated with
This restaurant is terrible !!! They are always messing up my orders all the time. They always forget certain items and they also have sent me the wrong order plenty of times as well and as of matter of fact they just messed up my order again today ! this place is horrible do not go here I wouldn ½ï
"My children find a dead mouse. I requested to speak with the supervisor.....made her aware of the situation.....She HAD THE NERVE TO TELL ME THAT SOMEONE (IMPLYING MAYBE ONE OF MY KIDS) MUST HAVE JUST PUT IT THERE.
***YES, we had already eaten the food.....if not.....I would have requested a FULL REFUND***"
school kids can   t go in before 5:30 and they lock the doors on us. They act like we 
Ordered through Grubhub and they didn   t double check order and didn   t add 3/4 chicken nuggets to our order! They ½ï
The "security guard " is extremely rude and he's always threatening people. And harassing the costumers. Horrible costumer service. If you're not happy with your job just say that.There's not even one person with professionalism in this establishment! Avoid this McDonald's. It's the worst
I did not have a positive experience at  all its pretty sad i paid 10 bucks for food and got a back full of sauce and cookies and i keep calling them no answer i will complain to the head since manager doesnt know how to answer the phone sad.
What can I say? Buy extra fries before bringing your kids their meals. By the time you get home..you have devoured all the fries!!  
If you're turning left into the parking lot, it's a pain due to traffic blocking entrance. Employee at drive thru asked us to pull over to the side to wait for our order but since there was already a car there, she said we need to go to the otherside.. that means we have to pull out and turn back in. It was already a pain to get in the first place and now we have to do it again? My husband refused and said we'll just wait right there at the window. Need to come up with a better system than that! Other than that ordeal, our food was hot, fries were fresh. They failed to put tartar sauce on my kids filet o fish sandwich though.
Worst McDonalds I   ve ever had en experience with. I placed an uber eats order and i only had gotten my drinks. I did not get ANY of the food i ordered, not to mention i had a big order. I was missing 2 double cheeseburgers, 2 cheeseburgers, 2 fries and 13 tote cookies. I call the location to try to see what happened to my food and they kept putting me in hold, saying that they both checked my order and that everything was in the bag, did not try to help me at all and said and i quote     my manager on the floor said they checked everything and that everything is in the bag    I was in disbelief that they wouldn   t even try to do anyt
This place is horrible! I walk in to get an order and they keep walking back and forth in front of me without asking me if I needed help. I ask someone if they could take my order and she ask the other cashier to take my order the other cashier totally ignored me. If they don   t want to take care of walk in customer then they should close the lobby I had to walk aw
One of the worst with service. I ordered a ice latte through the app for pickup. So I go inside I wait at pickup. Drink isnt ready and other people are waiting also. I mentioned to the solo employee I had a pickup order. She says ok then goes off to make other peoples meals. So I try to be patient stood there for like 20min and never received my drink. They never canceled my drink I left and was still charged for it. Also they never sent the 1 cashier who was struggling by herself no help.
That's just the worst McDonald's I have been to They have a lady there working at the  Drive-through window who have a real bad attitude And she also speak with bad languages She curses to my wife and also curses to all the people who went through the drive-through I did not see her name what she's the one taking the orders late at night You must have been 11 o'clock PM When we went to McDonald's but I will never in my life go back to that place to spend my  My hard working money
"They didn't take the order properly.  I ordered a cheeseburger meal with coffee. When I got to the pickup window they'd placed the order as coffee and cheeseburger only.  When I asked for the corrected order and was preparing to pay the difference they tried to charge me DOUBLE THE PRICE OF THE ORIGINAL MEAL.  AND ASKED ME TO PAY A TOTAL OF $8.00 and change.  I asked for the manager (Maria) who refused to give me her last name OR explain how adding fries fir a combo would cost me double the price of the entire order....

This store needs to be audited for poor customer service."
Says it ½
"Fries- soggy most of the time
Soda- gets bad constantly (Gave me seltzer water instead of soda)
Sandwiches- not bad except that they   re dry sometimes.
Customer service-    anything else?    After every single request instead of    would you care to try our new ___? ½"
A few days ago my boyfriend went to this mcdonald's to get us something to eat. I was excited, had just came home from a long day at work and was STARVING!!! Ready to eat, I took a bite, thought nothing of it, I then took another bite and look to see that I bit into a VERY PINK QUARTER POUNDER!!!!! So I grab my food, go to this mcdonald's and show them my burger was pink. They proceed to apologise and gave me a new one, I ask for gloves so I may examine this one. I do and find that this burger is pink as well, so now this is 2 pink burgers in total given to me. I tell them, they go ahead and apologize and gives me another... And yes, you guessed it, a third pink burger!!!!!! So at this point of course I am very much disgusted and appalled by their lack attentiveness of the food they are distributing to the point I ask another customer next to me if he had seen what I did.... I didn't want to feel as if I was picking but he agreed, he saw pink, so I finally asked for a refund and fresh fries and left. I will not support this mcdonald's again! IDK how to post pics, I don't see where I may be able to attach.
Only giving the 4th star for a good attitude at the window. Its a McDs so you know the drill supposed fast service friendly smile and hood food. Doesn't happen theses days but I am yet to have a server here that is rude, unconcerned, or uninterested in their job. They get it done efficiently and respectfully.
Always a bad experience here! The manager is so unprofessional and rude. I used to be a manager in McDonald   s and clearly wouldn   t argue with a customer about a free coffee because of a app problem. In
Rude asl and I work at fast food too. I   m only rude or give attitude when they give it to me first and that 
This place makes it so you arent hungry by the time you get your food, then your mad because you wasted your money. If you get all your food at that. The food doesn't taste right either. The Frappe machine was out so they offered water smh.
This place is absolutely delicious.The fries have a perfect amount of salt.The prices are very fair.Customers and employees very polite and sophisticated.This place should have the Kardashians swarming around.I mean it's boogie people good for cheap.
Always forgetting something in your order make sure you check before you leave drive threw
Hey McDonalds, please go back having the 2/dollar Apple pies. I miss those apple pies that you can reheat in the microwave and eat with vanilla ice cream. Please consider!!. At this location the driveway was long but fast. It was just the drivers was taking their time moving up. My order  was right, the workers was respectful.  Yes I will go again. The food was hotï¿½ï
My go to spot for my son and I to get our hash brown before he has class.
Terrible service, terrible food. I ordered from the drive thru and was given the complete wrong order. When I went inside to rectify the situation, people just stood around looking at me. They started to talk in spanish, which i understood but they didn   t think I did. So not only were they talking bad about me but they just decided that I wasn   t important enough to even address. I had to point out the fact that I was waiting to be served. So then th
Possibly the worst McDonald's on the planet. Can never get anything right and staff act as if there's nothing wrong.
I return my order to them because It was wrong order I see the cashier after she take the order from me she keep it to re-use it for another customer it was the big breakfast. She was supposed to throw it in the trash.
Service is abysmal, I'll rather get a root canal.
"No to all of that.
Always a long line. The kids working the drive thru are always in a bad mood. Orders get mixed up and the fries toddle between not being fresh to being freshly made in old oil... I will stop there..."
It's been a while that I haven't went to McDonald's and we had just came out from a bar and wanted to eat my sister wanted White Castle put in the order cuz we weren't sure McDonald's was open and she had a craving for a Big Mac so sorry White Castle but we left them went to McDonald's order and at 1:15 in the morning. One of the freshers big bags and Fries that I haven't had in a long time it hits the spot no regrets not going to White Castle and it was quick the order and to get the food it was worth the trip
If you   re not white, don 
worse service ever! They always get my order wrong or give you the incorrect item. One time I was at the 1st order Station for 15 minutes! The cars at the second order station was getting taken care of when I pulled up and asked for the manager she was very rude and said she wouldn't take my order because I wanted to know why cars that came after me was served first! That was not the first time... Please avoid this place and go to the one on heller parkway or Belleville , better service food is on time and correct and warm. Unlike this location that needs to hire more mature people and not you'd kids that are rude and always arguing .....
Couldn't get a simple order correct so had to wait.... Asked specifically for something still forgot it and had to go in and ask again.... And food was subpar McDonald's standards so that saying something it was at least cleaner than most also at this point saying something
No napkins? Make you wait at the other side of restaurant  for 10 mins from drive thru? Then have to go inside and ask for condiments and a straw? Get it together management is not run right!
The apple pies here were the worst. It was like biting into a regular apple. The only thing cooked was the outside. The inside was cold and the apples were hard. I went there 12/26/18 to get happy meals for my daughters and their fries were too hard to eat. I won't be going back there. I only went to reward the girls for cleaning their room and helping around the house for 2 weeks. (This was their choice of reward for good behavior)
Welcome to the worst McDonald in north Newark. I ordered a Big Mac meal and 10 PCs nuggets meal with both sprite; I received 10 PCs nuggets, 1 order of French fries, 4 triple cheeseburgers without (onions, pickles, mustard) and unsweetened tea
"With as much staff as was on hand there is no reason I should have waited longer than 30 minutes, but I did.
I was not happy with my order when I got it.
Nor was my body satisfied when it went down.
If you want to try this place knock yourself out!!!"
Literally the worst McDonalds ever . Food always cold.  Staff is all illegal and no help from them about asking about promotions always busy both inside and drive thru have plenty of workers but somehow always a long wait . Rude workers even if you call asking about promotions they always hang up . Even with all that said they still have the same stingy services with uber eats . Cold half cooked food go somewhere else save your money.
For the third day, I went to this McDonalds, which I frequently always come to this McDonalds, my daughter and my niece love McDonalds, so each time I place my order, I ask for a medium fries  with my additional order, and for the three days that I went, they were given me burnt fries.  I'm sorry but I paid a lot for my order to begin with, I'm not excepting burnt fries, especially three days in a row. Each time I asked for some new fries, and then they would give me good fries that were not burnt. Except for yesterday, I got my money back.  I ask the girl why was she giving me burnt fries, and her reply was that they didn't change the oil in which they cooked the fries in. The point is as a customer you don't have to keep excepting burnt fries, or anything that doesn't look right to you. You are already spending so much money to begin with ,to be getting burnt fries. Lately there's been lots of issues with this McDonalds, people have attitudes, don't have manners, they don't even say hi  or thank you for coming. I'll be taking my service elsewhere. No customer service.
Arguably one of the most incompetent branches of McDonald's that I've ever had the displeasure of going to. I spent 20 minutes waiting on a mobile order when I could have easily gone through the drive-thru and gotten it in 5. Absolutely ridiculous.
no experience I just couldn't wait to home I'm greedy
Their food taste like plastic. Very unsatisfied with them. They used to be good. But now it's like they don't care if the food is fresh or not.
Absolutely horrible! Not sure who the owner is but they should definitely get a new staff and get Mcdonald   s corporate to come in for training. The service is bad and so is the food. They give you what they want not what you pay for especially as it gets closer to closing time. Food should be available and fresh no matter how close it is to closing. Workers should understand that if they dont wanna work let somebody who wants to do the job. Not suprised at the amount of negative reviews but I am suprised that ownership and management does not take these reviews into consideration. Complete disgrace! Go a little further in bellevi
Fast. Convenient and friendly.. my orders are always correct and speedy drive thru service. Good friendly cashiers and managers. They even have an ordeing kiosk.
I   m so wrong to give even one star. But I have any option to give less . Today is 3/18/2019. At around 9 pm. I went to pick up the delivery from this place from drive thru,  Because it was close upon the governor order, and I was in urgent situation to use the bathroom but unfortunately no one of the people working there has any kind of human beings. They refused to allow to 
literally the WORST Mcdonald   s I   ve ever visited . they   re so lucky you can   t give zero stars . i just came from the location and a guy in front of me waited for 15 mins for a small coffee . then it took them forever to take my order . once i received my food , i asked for a sauce and she told me no because i didn ½ï
Sorry what i have to said,but this place always is a mess. Everytime you going to this restaurant have to wait a lot for your food,just because the employes always been around they place of work talk like they are on the street,in ocasion i hear said bad word when the costumer been inside the store,honestly they need better cordination at the time of work.
My experience here at the McDonald   s in Newark is ok the place is decent the restaurant is really clean and the vibe is new and updated I got the new shamrock shake McFlurry with Oreos it was very sweet but it was still very good the employees is ok but my on
Sat at the drive thru for 10 minutes. Called TWICE to ask if they are even open. Rudely told "uhh yea?" okay well HOW ABOUT YOU DO YOUR JOB? Pulled up to the window after 10 minute , THE LADY WON'T EVEN LOOK AT US, but starts helping drive thru customers. Hello??? Pulled off. Ghetto af.
Do not eat here! People handling food are not wearing their masks properly which are meant to cover their nose, mouth and or both. Went the other day and two people handling food just had their masks hanging under their chin not covering nose or mouth. Disgusting. Air particles going right onto food. What a shame! Made a complaint online with McDonalds and they sent me an automated response not even address my complaint properly. DO NOT EAT HERE for your own safety
Service at this McDonald   s is horrible...Don   t know how to greet customers nor answer with proper tones. I come here because close to home and no matter if i go inside or drive thru takes long to take order as well as prepare them. I asked are they not required to wear hairnets and was told NO. Being that I work in the food service industry I know it   s required by state law...However 
Order was wrong. Paid for 2 double hamburgers, received 2 single hamburgers. Drive-thru took forever despite being empty.
Gave one star cause i have to in order to post.  But this is by far the most ghetto'est McDonald's ever. I waited in drive thru for over 10mins while they kept taking the other driver thru since they're are 2 at this location... mind you they knew i was there cause they took my order then said to hide them a second and came back like 10mins later took my order again and said the same thing. Then in line forget it i waited another 15 plus minutes to pay and get my order. Im so disgusted, this store needs a whole overhaul.
Requested for caramel fappe, I waited for more than 20 mins still they couldn't make it. They are saying they dont have enough ice I should give them more minutes, but they are serving it to the drive thru customers. So I asked them to refund my money which they did. I will never patronize them again.
They're good when they want to be. Surprisingly their ice cream machine always works. No lettuce on the McChicken is my favorite quote
Worst location ever made me wait literally 20 mins for a small cappuccino
NO SAUCE GIVEN!!! I ordered two bts meals and other things and extra bbq sauce but NOT ONE sauce was given. No cajun, sweet chili, or bbq. Had to eat the meals plain. :(
The service is slow. Order anything more complex than a cheeseburger and you are sent to the side to wait for your order. On top of that your order is often wrong so always check.
I   ve never had such a bad experience in any McDonald and this one because of the unprofessional employees I left without buying food.... just because I wanted to use the  restroom first. The lady that seem to be the manager was so rude to me and all the customers looked uncomfortable
Disgusting place, burgers always cold, they will literally give you only 1 sauce even if you paid for more, staff is LAZY always talking and joking constantly instead of taking orders or making orders they will leave you there waiting and having a full blown conversation instead of helping. Literally the worst and grossest McDonald's I have ever been to doesnt even deserve 1 star.
This place has rude service & managers that cannot handle situations. I ordered egg whites thru drive thru & they only gave me a piece bread with bacon, then i returned & on the same sandwich they placed runny egg whites. When i bit into it, the runny stuff went all over my dress and i became sick. Needless to say unsatisfied customer & i threw away my sandwich, my money and my appetite. Thanks.ï¿½ï
Hot ass mess           ½
Never coming back here again! Associates not wearing mask handling food, only 5 people at a time. no sign that says only 5 people at a time inside.if I can give 0 stars I would.
Its alright but after buying several honey buns they didn't even hand us coupons for honey buns like other McDonald's do.. drive thru is usually long.
They always for get to give you what you ordered at the drive through.  Not tell cashier but the attached two last window where they had you your order.  The staff often stands around joking or yelling at each other instead of servicing you.
Y   all are freaking slow I swear it   s like y   all heads are up your ass while at work if u don   t like you job quit I just went they drive thru and the girl at window seemed to have a
Service and the food here REALLY suck... I've been there a few times after work which is after midnight; and always end up kicking myself in the ankle for doing so... my order is NEVER complete; NEVER... chicken nuggets/no sauce, salad/no dressing, I'll pay for some cookies or apple pies; and nothing, not in the bag... and to add insult to injury; the food that does make it into the bag, seems like its been sitting around for hours...way to save a buck mickey dee's... skip this place if you can, trust me.
The workers there are not professional,i went in there to get my morning coffee and heard one of the girls using profanity and customes can over hear them, then the cashier told me to give her a second and she went to the drive through window and start taking customers at the window while there was already someone there handling the drive through customers, i stood at the cash register close to 20mins to place my order, then on another occasion i placed my order on the mobile app the young lady made my ice coffee and left it by the machine , another team member asked what i was waiting for i then told her my ice coffee the girl that made it told her im waiting on my ice coffee too 30mins later im still standing there without my coffee then the girl turned around and saw me standing there still then saw the coffee sitting there and eventually handed it to me, and note i was the only customer left in the McDonalds, other customers came in placed their order got their stuff and left a long time ago, im suggesting more training for these individuals working at this location. I have observed this for a while now and said nothing. I turn my head everytime i pass there now, if you're running late for work i suggest walking through the drive through you'll get your order more faster than going in.
Not good. Went thru drivethru and I order 4 sundaes and had to wait on the side when I saw my sundaes sitting on the counter. Those are the one they gave me half melted. I will never go there again. I threw them in the trash.
It's absurd how bad the service is here. I wouldn't recommend going through the drive through. They'll mess up your order and then make you wait a long time for it again. I'd say just ignore this McDonald's entirely but if you do come to this location, do yourself a favor. Park the car and order your meal inside the fast food restaurant. It'll be faster this way.
Really bad service.... Food was cold... And large fries wasn't even full.... Probably size of a medium... Have to do better
Every time i have gone there they have not listened and messed up my order. One of the worst mcdonald   s to go to here in newark other than the one in downtown (w
Their iced tea tasted like water with a splash of tea so it tasted disgusting. I ordered a meal and they forgot the fries. And lastly, the girl at the counter had the worst attitude problem like it was killing her to God forbid do her job. If you come here, make sure all of your stuff is in the bag because they just hate their jobs there obviously.
"**CHECK BEFORE LEAVING DRIVE THRU**
This place sucks always. The people on the intercom are arrogant and impolite. They always forget an item at the drive thru. Hate them but its the only place that is closest to me. The only reason i go there bcs my son just wants the happy meal so i have no choice."
The young lady working the driv thru this morning is sooo lucky im not the person i used to be just 7 years ago...besides the nasty attitude after her mistake the cashier proceeded to lie to the the useless manager Carla that looked almost terrified to address the situation ..karma young lady ...ill see you again
worst location ever! EVERY SINGLE TIME they screw up my order - and the customer service sucks! They   r
Too much waiting seems like the staffs don't know how a fast food restaurant suppose to be run. On top of the wait they forget items that you pay for so make sure to ask for a receipt if something not right with this McDonalds please report it call and complain.
This place is very slow and always gets your order wrong! The food is fresh i must admit.
Extremly slow. They need to have a better service this is "fast food". Have been waiting too long to order. They are not bad but they need to move faster. Not the firts time i come here always lije that even when they dont have nobody inside.
Busy location but great customer service despite rude customers.
I go to mc Donald only drive through and my friend took me to Burger King and trust me they sell almost the same items but different  tastes...but really they both tastvgood.....
I've been here many times and they've never messed up my order, which is a better track record than most McDs I've frequented. Above average for a McDs, but they should work on keeping the fries fresher... often old, stale, and gross. Few things better than fresh McD fries, and few things worse than old ones.
Not Satisfied, after buying 3 Large orders of fries for $11.97 and was given large containers SERIOUSLY HALF FULL looking like Small or Medium sized fries. Very disappointed...
This place I really dont recomend it if you are looking a fast service, deliciuse Chickennuger, and Fries. I dont see Macdonal is do en the fries as before, soft, salty, and hot. Everytime we whent there to give more chances to the place my fiance always end with his stomach sick. When that happened for the third time I said, " Nop, we are not buy anymore in the Mcdonals, no icecream, chickennuger, or fries. Thank you for reading, this is Doll in a Restaurant. Shalom ï¿½ï
This place is nice, even though all of them (the McDonald   s chain) serve the same menu the service here is ki
Can not even 1 star it was a horrible experience do two employees service took me a half hour just in line waiting through the drive thru then I heard a voice come over the loudspeaker and says drive to the window when I go to drive through the window that was for cars in front of me and the line did not move the worst visit I had to McDonalds drive throw
i asked a lady to open the bathroom, and with a really bad attitude she said that it was only for customers, when I told her I WAS in fact a costumer, she replied with a    only for buying costumers    I responded 
It's my local McDonald's so I wish I could rate it higher especially considering they added modern stuff like the DIY menu boards and the 2nd drive thru lane. But what's the point of a second drive thru lane if your employees just ignore it like what happened tonight. Also while they have security inside the pan handlers in the drive thru lanes at night are out of control. Food wise things take a long time usually but it's your normal McDonald's type food except they don't salt their fries well.
Bad service long wait  employees are the worst
You can't  add tomatoes to your burger     ½
They never have what they supposed to their they always mess up never get nothing right I go there for Happy Meals they never have the toys that my kids want they always told me come back next week when the truck comes in the police I can read it below zero I would
"This McDonald's has always been bottom-of-the-barrel as far back as I can remember, and a sleek face-lift doesn't change the fact that a visit to this McDonald's will leave you with a bad taste in your mouth. The list of their offenses is too long to detail every one, so I'll compile a list:
1. Incorrect orders 50% of the time
2. Rude employees and managers
3. Customers who are loud, offensive, and downright violent
4. Poorly made, slapped-together food

And perhaps the most disgusting new violation is that recently they claim to have leased their parking lot to a private booting company, P.B.S. Parking Boot Service, and troll the parking lot for people who step off the property to boot them and demand $200 cash in exchange for the boot removal. It seems this McDonald's is doing everything to lose business. They thrive off of convenient location alone. Absolutely terrible experience."
Every time I go I don't get what I ask  and the some employee are mean
Always rude people in the afternoons or evenings, no sense of respect for others. Overcooked old food is served late afternoons to early in the evening. Completly discusting. Overall not a good place. Needs myor improvement on employees.
They can't get Uber eats orders right this is the third and last time it will happen again. They completely forgot 4 medium fries .
All those renovations in appearance makes no difference if the staff is unprofessional and simply ghetto. Then again it is in Newark smh. I was not aware that this particular Mc Donald's was not a corporate store, honestly I wouldn't know how to differentiate one from the other. In any case to my understanding every Mc Donald's ran the same policy in regards to the food they sell, obviously. So when I go to get my coffee, everyone knows you are entitled for one free refill but to my surprise this Mc Donald's does not honor that. The person at the register who's name is Estella (mexican woman) was the one who took my order and made me feel real uncomfortable and awkward when I asked politely for my refill. There were others on line waiting to take their order and I feel like she deliberately embarrassed me. There was no need to make me feel degraded, at the end of the day I am a customer and I have no need to bring my business here. I should of took my business where I noramlly go which is the one located on Washington Ave, in Belleville. That just goes to show you how true the phrase is, "Never judge a book by it's cover"!
this place is suck!!!!!!!! i had a delivery of doordash which i had to place but they didnt accomodate with me!! they were like thats for belville nj store!!!!!!! it was very frustrating at 10pm. then i had to go for belville store then couldnt find out. then i went back to the same one and got the order.
Very rude staff nasty attitude  I understand  people not happy with their job  but that dobt give them the right to be nasty..
If only I could give less than 1 star!!! I swore off McDonalds long ago however I happened to be with someone who stopped in so I decided to get a breakfast sandwich thinking it would be hard to go wrong with breakfast... I got food poisoning for the first time in my 29 years of LIFE. A quite unwelcome reminder to stay far away..
The worst McDonald   s I have been to. Waited at the pick up window for awhile to be served 
The day workers are very rude and disrespectful especially the girl who takes the order , I had the worst experience ever .
Prices are high, Apple pies were old and stale. They exchanged them but they were all so bad. So they baked new ones for me
This McDonald's is HORRIBLE. PERIOD. The food is always cold,fries soggy , nuggets soggy... And if you ask for sauce make sure you got it cause even if you paid the 50cent FEE you still might not have gotten it....
They are advertising the new crispy chicken sandwich meal for $6, yet lied twice, once saying it was a mobile order, which is a lie, I took a pic, second that it didn't start, so why advertise, so sad, worse customer service in Mcdonald's
The employees at this location are ridiculously lazy. It's 6pm and the drive-thru menu is still on the breakfast side. It shouldn't take more than 2 minutes to flip the menu over to the lunch side.
THIS PLACE IS A DISGRACE. THE WOMEN THAT WORK IN THIS PLACE ARE THE VERY LOW OF THE LOW. SERVICE IS SUPER SLOW, THE RESTAURANT IS SUPER DIRTY. AHH AND IF YOU GO IN THERE WITH YOU MAN KEEP HIM VERY CLOSE TO YOU, THIS WOMEN SPECIALLY THE MANAGER HER NAME IS GABRIELA WILL FLIRT WITH YOUR MAN GET HIS NUMBER AND YOU KNOW THE REST. THE WORST OF THE WORST. AVOID THIS PLACE AT ALL COST THE WORSE MCDONALD'S IN JERSEY. WHAT MAKES THIS MCDONALD'S BAD IS THE EMPLOYEES AND THE WAY THE HAVE NO RESPECT FOR THE COSTUMER. AVOID AVOID AVOID...
Rude!! They close early without saying anything. They don't close 4 am they close 9. I waited at the drive thru for 15 min no answer , someone was back there just ignore the drive thru.
Very slow  they do mobile orders last even when you pay in app. They make you wait if go inside .
Always a bad experience at this McDonalds check your Oder before leaving guaranteed it ½ï¿
"Mobile order 30 mins ago. Came in once the app said pick up.

Counter: oh we just got your order. Wait longer.

2020 Logic"
One of the worst McDonald's franchies around. Orders are often messed up even when given face to face. This branch is one of the few I go out of my way to avoid now.
Service is inaccurate. Check your order before leaving. Can take a bit to get the order because most is made at the time of order so it's fresh.
I wish i can put 0 stars. The service here was so so horrible! SMH I don ½ï
More expensive, long and I mean longgggggggghg wait times inside or out. Oh and you ½
App orders are horrendously slow. Expect to walk in and inquire about it.
Its incredible that a business like McDonalds can't fix things so simple like this drop ceiling....water damage with a lil bit of humidity could potentially become mold...something that could be harmful to anyone walking in here...
This is the worst ever too slow they are always on their cell phones instead of helping the customers. They almost always get my order wrong. When i went there bathroom was flithy .
Worst employees I guess it was manager at night shift very rude not surprised why people are giving negative reviews
This McDonald   s is bad. Theyï¿½
Nice clean loved it service was fast and it's quit  you can relax and enjoy your meal  the bathroom was clean I would go anytime if anything!
Their quarter pounders and big mac's are great. But they have to cook fresh fren fries twice I went and their fries were cold.
I went in to use the bathroon before i go buy some thing and i saw i had to be  Buzz Inn so I went to the front to have me  to be buzzed in and I was told no I had to buy something first and the funny thing is I'm a diabetic and my sugar was high and I was in pain but I had to buy something first just to be let into the bathroom then when I was let into the bathroom it was so disgusting Know one clean the bathroom the toilet was filled with toilet paper and piss all over the rim of the toilet dry on u can see it and the manager that I'm assuming she had like a Jamaican accent and gave me kind of a nasty attitude also i wouldnt  recommend it  to come here and i was  visiting from upstate New York it was a long drive
I went to a different McDonald's the one in New Jersey where my boyfriend lives it's good I would go all the way back over there for that juicy burger I had so mouth watery.
This place is ok....
I travel a lot and MacDonald is my regular restaurant, and this is th worst ever place in customer service and food handlers.
They are the worst.  Poor customer service, food taste horrible
Food has always been hot and fresh whenever I have visited
"Its McDonald's,,, You already know what you want if you're going there" ...
Great service , and great crew
Couldn't get a simple order correct so had to wait.
Not bad, but they don't let people use the bathroom even if buying
If I could give negative stars I would. I orders a number 3 large with no pickles and a coke no ice. Apparently that was like rocket science for these morons.
Very slow
Terrible, I'm sitting in the 2 lane drive thru for 3 to 5 minutes & another car pulls in the other lane & they take his/her order 1st then have the nerve to tell me to hold on a minute. Broadway McDonald's North Newark.
They  hardly speak English they serve you Whit and attitude and they are always more concentrated in talkin about fellow workers that they are to take your order and that's why they always give you the wrong stuff.
The worstest McDonald's in all of America and they have a armed guard always nonsense there  cold food stale and hard nerve no sauces always mistake orders too many foreign immigrants work there drive thru  Is an half an hour late junkies asking you for money and Brittany is a chickenhead.
Fast and friendly service.... Enjoyed the food.. Restroom was well kept
Smh ... THIS HAS TO BE THE WORSE MC DONALDS IN    ESSEX COUNTY    Hands Down !!! I GIVE THIS PLACE A 1 STAR .... EMPLOYEES ARE ALWAYS PLAYING OR FIGHTING  
"The staff is rude and there   s no diversity in the staff.
I live in the n"
They hire unprofessional people who can't even speak proper English. The workers are always forgetting something in your order. Ohh and the ice cream never works!
the workers close the drive through around 3-4 so don 
Just for a coffe have to wait longer than usually but I love the coffe.
Service was nice would feel more comfortable if people were sitting at the table eating. Like family.
Take to l text too long to the drive thru when certain people are there who speaks English you get the order much faster I probably they have an understanding problem
This store always gice me a hard time I don't like the staff at all
Food sucks never right always I mess up and cold and old French fr 
Workers are friendly,  respectful and always have the right order.
The absolute worst McDonald   s in New Jersey , r
The food is awesome and i love the soda and everything well more the frys i will like them to add basken roben ice cream because why not ?
There are better McDonald locations then here. Usually 9 out of 10 times they forget something you ordered.
I honestly can't believe they gave me a cinnamon bun this stale :/
They never give you what you order, and the food seems to be old and bad tasting.
Today was given double quarter cheese burger and it was not fully cooked.i dont like to complain but this was not good at all especially my fruit punch was watery .wouldnt go back here again.i prefer belleville
Person taking orders through the drive thru has the worst attitude ever .
Wait time was horrible, food was cold as usual and the drive thru a always feels like a death trap.
Nice and modern facilities. Looks clean, except bathrooms, which were not so clean, but still good. Service was slow though.
I was served raw food. I rarely ever go to McDonald's but when I do it is full of regrets.
The food and workers are great. It's the people outside begging that really... You know.....  
Not a good place to go and spend your money very bad place they over charge customers and have no professional people working there very rude and think they are doing you a favor will never go there again
Worst place.. drive thru is even worst. Their machines are never working. They take your order, make you wait in line, just to tell you at the pay window that sorry their machine is not working.
If I could I would rate this negative 1000 they had such bad service food is cold and when you come back because they forgot something they argue with you.
"I just came and half of the
Crew was hanging out side the counter, they talk too loud and speak in a very bad way ( n words and Bi.!.!:!)  words is a shame the place is pretty but a has a poor crew."
Clean fresh food but check order before leaving
Service is very decent not too fat but not too slow.
Very slow service, and people were coming back in complaining their orders were wrong.
Double drive through, quick service, friendly associates, good food and drinks.
McDonald's. Ordered twice and twice my order was canceled Noone bothered to let me know just wasted time waiting for nothing.
Check your order they forget things its busy
Just watched one of the workers eat some of my french fries before he put it on my tray can ½ï
Lived here for 2 decades this is the cleanest this McDonald's has ever BEEN.. A major plus NO MORE FIENDS ASKING FOR $$ ½ï¿½
Rude people as cashiers, slow service, annoying employees. I reccomend you go to Burger King, the employees are much nicer, and the food is overall better.
worst service ever . food cold employees rude . always forgetting something in bag . if u go here make sure u don't leave before checking your bag . every time I go here which is rarely I have to talk to the manager  . DONT GO TO BROADWAY MCDONALD'S!!!
I always come to here and the customer service are good and faster wit the food good job McDonalds
Good service!  just its always busy since it's in front of the zoo and skate rink
Lord for the life of me why can ½ï
Terrible Service!
They never have anything on the menu they're rude and really slow
Restaurant was clean. Staff was fine. Not a bad area. Food is typical McDonald's.
Waited very long to place an 3 mins ordered. Terrible
This place has the worst service and the food is just horrible
Bad service so disappointed how MacDonald let this place in business
the service is always the workers always fighting and delivering the orders too late
"They are too slow, even slower this time around
Horrible service"
Fast service, got the order right(which unfortunately is a hot or miss these days)
I'd give negative stars if I could. Worst mcdonalds service ever. The attitude was unbelievable!
I Love McDonald's I Love There  French Fries And There Chicken Nuggets And The Quater Pounder Deluxe
Not a great experience they serve you cold burgers don't melt the cheese and they think it's ok 
Terrible service
Go there on the weekend with your grandkids. They really enjoys the food and toys there. I love going there to tired them out.
Dairy clean very beautiful and people were nice
Such a clean and the worker's very polite and the food nice and Hot
DoorDash driver's will love the quick service
Every time coming here is like 20 minute wait for food, service is horrendous, I'm considering never ever coming here again...
Must be patient with the long lines!! They are doing thier Best to serve us all  
I would not recommend this McDonald to no one. Bad staff bad food and bad service....food was cold and tasted old
McDs is actually starting to improve on quality. Whoever is steering the ship is going in a good direction.
They always mess up our order. You must check your bags before leaving.
Good food fast food quick service...even have healthy options
Service is slow, waited almost 30 minutes and they hadn't even started preparing our order.
"This Fast Food is the best my kid always want A Happy Meal But
He don't want the toy he just want to eat"
The worst McDonald's restaurant service ever! The food was disgusting. Will never visit this location again.
Good service clean environment. Bathroom stall has no luck which is kind if intrusive
Decent McDonald's only problem is late at night they run out of food.
Good service employees verry kind the place is verry clean
nice food, good service, should go again.
Please bring back the McDonalds practices and policies from the 70s and 80s when food was handled and prepared with care.
You have to order something first in order to used the bathroom and they take a long time to make a PRE-MADE  sandwich.
Worst service ever. Too bad they just remodeled this place last year
The person that work in this restaurant are very nice and the restroom are clean
The worse food i ever ate. So bad when you're hungry and this happen. And they said it's the classic chicken sandwich. So disappointed
I've visited this establishment on three differences occasions and they've all been the same experience.... RUDE and A TAD BIT RACIST. No More Business from me personally.
I bought two hamburgers it cost me $6
Great and delicious tasty food but very unhealthy
Sucks. They NEVER GET THE ORDERS CORRECT! Fries and hard and cold. Never again!
Food took forever to be prepared and they got the order wrong.
Worst they messed up ny whole order an are slow bunch of kids
They are very rude. I bought a hamburger with hair on it. A lot of teenagers with no educations. DRIVE THRU VERY VERY SLOW.  .
Did not get what i ordered and the orange juice was hot no ice
Meat in burgerwas completely raw.
Food precooked and dried out like always. Commercial lies. Nothingcooked when u order.
Women dare don't care about service sitting here for 20 minutes to get the food in the food was still under cooked
McDonald's is the best fastfood for my kids the love the fries and speedy service
People have attitude issues  there, not a good experience  today
Small portions of food at increased prices.
Safe place
I don't remember if I was here since all McDonald's are pretty much the same
people lost inside counter and desrespect for others... try never go back
The evening shift is the worst bad attitude and service it was not within McDonald's have it your way policy need new crew member morning shift is excellent
Terrible..  Is always something.. Never got my order the way I want it..
I went and saw a security guard from the establishment of McDonald yelling profanities to a homeless woman in the parking lot with no regard to the woman or the children,disgusting needs to be retrained or terminated.
My car was booted and i was forced to pay 200.00 to have the boot removed even though i had 2 receipts grom McDonald's
"Staff is very unprofessional and really don't pay attention to customers
orders."
Never get your order right and there slow
I buy the salad there and put in the garbage... very old salad and disgusting tasty
Please check any beef you get. I gotten a raw burger twice in a row
"The soda is always flat!!!
Every time I go there. I think they just use water and the syrup."
Prompt service. Order was ready on arrival
Great!!
McDonald's on Broadway clean decent and go servers A place you'd like to take your family too
Always a place to take the kids. My kids loves going there..
Their drivethru is tight makes customers hit curb before u reach the first window
It's a McDonald's. It is fine.
Horrible Horrible service, especially at night
I asked for sweet and sour sauce and gave me bbq
Terrible customer service and their drive thru is terrible.
I did take out. Service was prompt.
Quick and easy drive thru service
Rude staff everyone is Latino and not that it makes a difference but they speak in there language to everyone except americans
No team effort in this place. Worst customer service ever.
It's all good to get a quick bite to eat
It was really dirty when I went
Terribly slow service the drive through experience was AWFUL!
I liked that the foos was fresh and the staff was nice.
Order a chocolate chip frape and after a15 minute wait they told me they didn't have any
Very modern McDonald's. To go order pickup still confused me.
They are slow but I love McDonald's....
My sons spot on cheat day Chicken sandwiches & caramel frappe. Hit the spot.
Good workers just in a bad area customers are rude
The worse attention than I never seen
One of the best McDonald's in the area
Good customer service, good atmosphere, good discounts, and well kept.
They were terrible open fries an customers did not have on mask
Employees are rude service is bad the machines don't work and tell me what I did and did not do
"They don't have restroom for customer!!!!
You can order but you cant use restroom.
???????????????????"
Nice and clean and the employees are very responsive
Place is nice and clean open 24 hours.
The best pizza spot in the NYC
Always check your food when I get home is always some. Missing
Very  bad bad bad bad  I mean very bad service
Like the big mac with extra sauce
Always a quick good meal.
It's McDonald's their food is always good
Nasty customer service drive thru window
They suck really bad with all of the orders.
Service is friendly but slow.
Staff unprofessional. No customer service skills whatsoever
Bathrooms always dirty and my order ALWAYS wrong no matter what time of day.
I like to visit McDonalds for a quick cup of coffee and a breskfast sandwich.
I come here every morning for breakfast. Great service
They won't let you used the bathroom if you don't buy anything,seriously!
45 min waiting .. restroom close . Bad
Better than the ones I went to in Newark.
The Big Mac is still the best burger  ½ï¿½ï¿
Love the combo meals..  Professional staff
Fast. Clean. Courteous. Just watch your surroundings.
Drive-thru, clean restrooms. Usually quick service.
Regular mcdonalds experience. They never have what you want :(
Love the people here they are so NICE to me
No one knows English make u wonder how they apply
Service is too slow they short handed employees
Very nice place to share with family
No ice in the soda machine. One person filling orders.
Not very pleasant
My order was in correct and cold.
used to be my favorite mc.d but it got to gheto now
Clean and a lot of parking... Nice staff
Place says it's open till 4am but it not
Excessive waitung time..manager nasty
They always.. always.. mess up my order
Trash food. That's exactly why I don't eat fast food.
The place is clean but the food is old
Why did I love it??  It's McDonald's
Horrible customer service
Good food, and a little pricier
The place is clean an safe place to go.
I love there food
Very slow and unprofessional people.
Just like any fast food place
I'm from the area so I have been going here for years. It's so so.
The area inside is relaxing and the seats are amazing
It good but too salty for me.
The best and fast when time to pick up
Very bad service .. long waiting time
Very good service very clean
It's fast food. Not much to say.
Major attitudes at the pick up not even hello
Warm drink cold food
They can't get the right order most of the time
Great Service, positive attitude.
Thank you very much for the quick service
Everything is allways cold and orders wrong
For a busy Saturday the place was clean as heck..
Safe to eat,Security officer Roman
People are great and the service is good.
It is clean and have an acceptable service
Its delightful and good service.
Nice I ate in my car lol
Service here is horrible every time
Crowded around 3-4when the middle school children get out of school
There tea was nasty and there meal where cold
Good food slow service
This has to be the worst McDonald's ever where's the manager
The food was not great this time
Its alright inside just so Congested in Drive - Thru
Great customer service  ½ï¿½
I like to eat in this place because is clean.
Fast n excellent service
Very clean very good sandwich
Very clean friendly service
This place is a pai  in the ### they employee are awful !!!
Clean and not so busy at night.
The meal was wholesome and fresh.
Slowest McDonald's I've been to ever. 
Awesome. Love the fresh burger
Food prep on a timely manner...
The place is alright. Nothing special.
My hunger leads me to a place of appreciation!!!
Pleasant service and a clean restaurant
Bad service
Fast food excellence
Love there chicken salad
Always messing up orders.
Not bad for a quick snack
Stop in for coffee from time to time , good coffee
Great place with lovely staff
Don't waste the calories..
Food always hot 
HORRIBLE.   DUMB ASS PEOPLE WITH NASTY ATTITUDES WORK THERE.
Slow cashiers make the place crowded.
My grandson love it and it is clean
Do the mc Donald app for free food
One Of The Best Fast Food Eateries
Excellent family atmosphere
Beautiful place inside and outside.
They can be a little faster
Like the others , is ok
Terrible the bathroom was dirty and smelled terrible
Sometimes the cashiers attitudes are horrible
They are really fast
Great pl prompt service
I think the management is so bad
Good food, clean restaurant
Worst services ever
The employee was rude ï¿½ï
Great service, enjoy this place
Great customer service
Just what I expected. I was impressed
A night to purchase your food
It's ok
Always with an attitude and take forever
Great food & atmosphere
Not sure which location so cannot rate
Had a great time
Need more respectable Associates
Rude & stupid manager and employee
Good vive from their crews
MacDonalds is starting to be a hang out for the homeless
Never have ice-cream
VERY GOOD SERVICE
Looks clean inside and friendly
NOT 24 HOURS
Rude Manager
The best
Order was acurate and fast
Who doesn't love McDonald's
Hardiest bissuit ever at 4am
Good customer service
Horrible!!!!!  Food always cold fries cold JUST HORRIBLE!!!!!!!!
I love chiken Nugent
Good ppl and food
Good fast food
The worst McDonald's ever.
GREAT food boo dout!!
Great service
Good food
Good fast food.
Love they food
There was people who worked there fighting
Nice and clean place
Delicious
Good deals
Fast great service
Slow but good
Clean and Quick
Good for fast foods
Good food
The place is good.
Super slow.
Not good food
Black Tea is awesome
Always closing early
Fix soda
Good food
Very fast   ½ï¿½ï¿½ï
Awsome 
Poor quality service
Junk food
I like unicorns and MD'chickens
Nice place
Improving every day!
My kids love it
Is all cool now
Love this location!
Very bad service
Update the hours
Food cold
Its ok .
The food is horrible.
It's igh
it's ok 
The best fries
It's ok
Milkshakes be off the hook
It's okay
Yuck.
Food too cold
my spot on the go
The food was cold
Long wait
Just like the others
The best at these spot
Good service
Food was cold
Horrible Service
Good
Messed up order
Good
It is so good
All new inside
Clean and friendly
it's ok
Bad service...
Love it
Fast and excellent
Soooo good
Nice place
Great food
Great service,
?
Service is terrible
The service is awful,
Its to expensive
Nice!
I love it  
Slow service!!!
Nice and clean
Loving it
Bad service
Love the coffee
FOOD ALWAYS COLD  ½ï¿½
Hit or Miss
Kids love it.
Best fries
Order was wrong
They aiight
Rude employees
Gotta love it
Check your bag
Slow service
Hit or miss.
Kool
Slow service
One of the nicer ones...
Poor services!!
Service terrible
Fast service
Friendly staff.
Works as expected
Baaaad service!!!
I love this place
Fast service
Good
Good
Mediocre service.
Ight
Fast service
Good
Poor service
Service suck
Good
Excellent
Good
Crowded and slow.
Good
Fast service
Ok
Good
The best place
Mikky D'sss
It was terrable
Great
Good
Good
Great
Good
Good
Good
Fast
Awesome
Always on point
Good
Love
Nice
Like it
Good
Good
Great place
Good
Good poisoning
great
Horrible
Slow
Good coffee
Fast service
Quick Service
Bad!!!!!
Pancakes delicious
Horrible!!
Horrible
Same old same
McDonalds is good.
Busy
Rude women that work there
Sucks
Great spot
People are nice
slow
ýýýýýýýýýýýý ýýý
this McDonald's is good
Fries!!!!
Fresh food
Nope
Supremely supreme
Excellent 
Second home.
Long lines
It's McDonald's
Its McDonald's
It's McDonald's!
just a McDonald's
The usual McDonald's
They always mess up orders or give you the wrong order.  Many times the orders or not like instructed. Not too happy with this place!
Very good, the attention is excellent and the food is fresh, without a doubt the best McDonald's in NJ
A woman grocers, what a pity she is Latina, making Latinos look bad, she treated me very badly because I decided to change my order to a bigger one. He yelled at me that he couldn't change, but he did it as if I couldn't pay. Horrible people like that must stay at home, bitter and disrespectful.
Worse than before, it was bad now worse....new people, they don't attend, now less, you.pay and ask for the.machine, and then they die to dispatch you...horrible.customer.service, ma manager, yelling... at the employees... ufff
It does not serve terrible customer service through the window, you have to speak English without knowing well, they are spoiled when they deliver things to you, they throw them at you, bad service, change the ones that do not know how to serve the public or they give you the wrong order or they keep telling you what they said
I like it, good service. Super clean! The only thing that sometimes you have to check your order because they don't send you the other things well.
The service is terrible, I bought 5 Sunday ice creams and 2 frappe and I asked the manager for a fork and they told me that they didn't have ice cream for me because I bought ice cream so they weren't going to help me later they told my family that they didn't have peanuts when They were at the counter, the attention was terrible and I work in a store and I do not recommend it
The worst macdonalds I know in the whole world is garbage.
Very bad service people do not hurry I went and they attended me after 20 minutes they should put people who give good service
I don't like it very much because whenever you order something they measure what it is not...
They close 1 hour earlier than scheduled
Very nice and big and complete excellent service blessings
Your policy of only lending the bathroom if the customer makes a purchase is terrible.
It says it closes at 4:00 a.m. and at 1:20 a.m. the employees say it's closed, on the day they always deliver the wrong order, they never deliver what you ask for, worst restaurant I've ever been to
It's 6:47 p.m. day thursday From the 15th day of November. And the workers. Mushroom bald behind the kitchen. What a bad service. They have here. What lack of ethics. wn the workers
I love all. I went for the first time and I will repeat it again very good service
One asks for the orders and they send you what they want and they never give you kepchup or salt and you have to ask for the napkins  ½ï¿½ï¿½ï
They take too long, some employees are not very friendly, in terms of cleaning it is very good.
Bad treatment of customers who are at the window
I saw a girl who works in the chips, blowing her nose over the chips.. no more mcdonalds snotty chips
The menus are not very good and expensive, very different from those in France in terms of taste and cooking of food.
The best coffee and good price $1 mmm I like it ½ï¿½
Good attentions  
Like all McDonald stores but very elegant and excellent staff.
Oh yes, they have trained staff. I like it
Good place for your breakfast meals I recommend it
Bad service and you can't use the bathroom..
They deliver orders fast
Good place for fast food, good service, recommended.
Everything was damaged and I couldn't buy the ice cream I wanted
It is very good, since the food is delicious and the service very good
He does not have good attention with the public, they are talking and talking and they do not attend, it seems that the public is invincible
It is a good place to have breakfast or to buy by car
"My good food.
I love going with my son"
The wait is long and the people are very angry
Good to eat without having to wait long
Very clean and fast
It was very good!
Very tasty burgers ï¿½ï
I always get what I need for my home
Very good offer of Mac chiken
With opportunity for improvements in customer service
This place is a mess there is always someone arguing
very good  
Good deal, thanks girls for your attention!!!!
They don't serve well I don't like it
Very good
Very rich
Very good
Very good
Good place for breakfast
They leave you waiting.
Good care and nice...
orders take time
Horrible line and service!
It is a very nice place
Bad service
The employee was rude to me
Good service
They have a nice atmosphere.
A place to eat something fast
Rich combos good prices
Well
Hamburgers are enjoyed!
Slow and poor hygiene.
Good service
worst customer service
Modern, spacious and functional
goodï¿½ï¿½ï
The lousy attention
Tasty piece in cleaning
Quite good
I like it 
Very kind
Appalling.
I like ice cream
I love their potatoes
Good service
Good place
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
The best
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Disappointed 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
The waiting time was excessive, and when my food arrived, it was completely wrong.
Poor 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent!
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Well
ýýýýýýýýýýýý ýýý
Excellent 
Excellent 
Well
Unique flavor
Hello good
Excellent 
Excellent 
rich and cheap
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
ýýýý ýýý
velo place
The best  
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Terrible
Excellent 
Ha
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Neutral
Poor 
Excellent 
Terrible
Good 
okbutnohotfries!
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Terrible
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
The milkshake was melted and watered down, and the staff seemed annoyed when I asked for a refund.
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Terrible
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Poor 
Good 
Terrible
Terrible
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Poor 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
The food was cold and seemed like it had been sitting out for a long time, and the staff was indifferent to my complaint.
Excellent 
Excellent 
Terrible
Neutral
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Poor 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Neutral
Terrible
Poor 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Poor 
Excellent 
Terrible
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Terrible
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Poor 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Terrible
Excellent 
Poor 
Neutral
Terrible
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
The chicken nuggets were overly greasy and seemed like they were reheated, and the staff lacked basic customer service skills.
Excellent 
Good 
Poor 
Good 
Terrible
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Terrible
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Terrible
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Terrible
Excellent 
Terrible
Terrible
Good 
Neutral
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Neutral
Neutral
Terrible
Excellent 
Terrible
Terrible
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Terrible
Terrible
Excellent 
Poor 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Terrible
Poor 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Poor 
Excellent 
Neutral
Terrible
Poor 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Poor 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Poor 
Good 
Terrible
Terrible
Excellent 
Terrible
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Terrible
Good 
Good 
The milkshake was melted and watered down, and the staff seemed annoyed when I asked for a refund.
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Terrible
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Poor 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Poor 
Poor 
Excellent 
Terrible
The chicken nuggets were overly greasy and seemed like they were reheated, and the staff lacked basic customer service skills.
Terrible
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Terrible
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Terrible
Excellent 
Neutral
The staff messed up my order not once, but twice, and the food was barely edible.
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Terrible
Excellent 
My daughter just came from the drive through. This is how her Big Mac was prepared (see attached pictures). They left the whole top half of the burger plain. No meat, no sauce, just a top and middle bun. She was also missing a separate order of French fries.
My fish fillet was hot, but my fries were cold. Apple Pies were very good though.
I ordered a coffee though mobile app my coffee was 10 mins there and i was keep asking for my order a white girl with black hoodie she was litterly ignoring me and I asked her 3rd time where is my order its not showing in the system and she said i am still working on it and after 5 min she said thats here it was already on the table and i think she is just passing her time .. I could think if its busy but it wasn ½ï¿½ï¿½ï
They do something weird with your food be careful everyone
Food was alright staff seemed too busy with their own pastimes rather then getting food and drinks out. Saw one employee sweep four times in the same spot while three customers were waiting on drinks. I'd only recommend if it's your last option.
I ordered 60 dollar's worth food I got 40 nuggets only 3 sauces I ordered 4 mc doubles I asked no onions they put mayo and pickles and onions on all of them. They won't be getting my money anymore!
I   m not usually one for negative reviews. Tonight I went through the drive through, the guy that took our order was super rude but not something I   d write a review about. It   s McDonalds, they   re always annoyed you   re there. I get to the window and some girl with a brown ponytail (never saw her face) handed my drinks to me with her back turned, behind her back, venting to a coworker about something while never loo
This place sucks and can   t remember the last time they got my order right in YEARS. the Hispanic food lady at the window is constantly rude. they don   t sell breakfast at the right time ever. any thing u can think of to make a place the
This place needs serious managerial attention. Their advertising is deceiving    service is low quality. Attitude; forget about it. There   s one server skinny look with black hair- she is the worst. Everyday she has an argument. Instead of arguing- I
This McDonald's has great customer service but the fries weren't the best;  I've noticed the fry problem at other MickeyD's.... seems to go along with the omnipresent employee shortage  ½ï¿½
"Pretty sure caramel is supposed to be included in an iced CARAMEL coffee. I had zero caramel mixed in just strong & unsweet! I ended up paying for another! When they should   ve offered to correct the 1st one. It was ZERO caramel mixed in and charged me a dollar more than what i had just paid. Bffr

Since we "
Got here and the counter has a sign saying to order at the kiosk and the kiosk says you have to order at the counter. I also tried three hand sanitizers which were all empty. It took forever to get our food.
"Not too customer friendly, a definite language barrier.
Ordered @ 10:35 right when the lunch menu starts and the fries were mildly warm definitely not fresh."
Online order want made even though it charged me.  I got a cash refund,  but no food..
We read previous reviews and thought about changing our dining plans. Glad we didn't everything was as McDonald's advertises.
Waited in drive thru for 23 minutes for 2 six piece nugget meals and fries. There was only 1 car ahead of us and had to wait another 8 minutes just to order. Looked like there was only 3 people working. No apologies, sorry, thanks or any communication. No gloves, hair net's or concerns for those waiting as well as being short and rude at times. Never going back there again.
clean bathroom and wonderful staff! always helpful when it comes to confusing times, and orders.
the big gurl in drive thru with tattoos and piercings is so rude like she has an attitude for every little thing. she rolls her eyes at everything u tell her and is always huffin and puffin. and talking back with an attitude. like today i had asked her for my receipt and she said you   ll get it     and rolled her eyes and closed the window. and then gave it to me before i left. like the first time i thought she was having 
From the moment I pulled up after ordering literally had ZERO words spoken to me by the drive thru guy. He just gave me dirty looks. Then after taking my credit card he took his cell phone out looking like he was stealing my credit card information. I asked for my receipt which was given with a hateful look but still no words. I called MULTIPLE times and left multiple messages before I got a call back from a person stating they were the manager. They said they pulled the video and he was just texting no picture. He could be texting my credit card info. I still don't feel comfortable with this and my card is still frozen. Mcdonalds once they take my card is accepting responsibility for any fraud /theft and PCI DSS compliance. If their employee did in fact steal my CC I am filing criminal charges against the employee and McDonalds for not being PCI and PII compliant. The auditor in me will not allow this. Even if he truly is innocent, the perception with the influx of cyber crime should never happen. Do not have your cell phone out when holding someone's credit card.
Don   t go eat here they will take about 6 minutes to cook your frozen apple pie then drag their feet till they feel like it to give the order to you . I paid at the counter at 4:03pm and got my order 
"I went in and ordered at a kiosk to go , I got a medium caramel frappe and a mcextreme bacon sandwich.
While waiting in line , I heard the kitchen staff say there is no sauce for the extreme, should we give it to them anyway? With no intentions of me hearing .
When my order came out, no one informed us there was no sauce , didnt ask us when making it if we still wanted it , another sandwich or my money back ..
I told them I heard them and they denied it , then said that they told someone else to let me know there was missing items for the sandwich . But she didnt , (I could hear them) and why would she make it without confirmation if she DID tell someone to ask ??
I also noticed there was 2 tomatoes instead of 3 that i paid extra for, same goes for the pickles I asked extra for .
I got a male employees attention and told him , hey this isn't correct...etc. he hot an attitude , rolled his eyes turned his back on me to continue what he was doing previously .
The only saving grace was a lady named Elyce , someone who I thought was a manager but she is only a crew member.
She intervened, corrected my order . The only one who helped . She deserves a raise// a reward . Thank you .

P.s. the lobby is dirty . Take some time to clean the tables"
I gave it three stars one for service,one for atmosphere, and one for the food .After all you get what you pay for. In my case not much.
"Ordered triple burger with no ban.
Like this place cause ot is new and inviting.
But crew don't have time to take care of the tables.
Wish all customers take care after themselves.
Keep this place clean.
So much was invested!"
We had a very good experience here from the day crew.  Manager was super friendly staff was organized.  It's the very first time that I didn't have to take my burger out and place all the ingredients in it myself because it was sloppy.  Burgers were picture perfect. Props to the cook and line for a job well done.
"Waited for 30 minutes for a burger.
Had enough waiting and walked out.
Left the receipt and table tag on the counter.
That "
Worst coffee latte in my life    Please just stop it take it out of menu it is worst. My cup ended up in a trash aft
Most times I just stop in for a snack and get fries because they are always fresh and HOT!!
Had to place order through a kiosk. Kiosk informed to take a tent number and take a seat. Ni tent numbers so I was a little confused at first. Waited at the counter to pick up my order. No one to really talk to.
Excellent service just got in to rush hour at the lunch time but it took less then 3 minutes to get the food!
Absolutely the most dirty restaurant I've seen in my life!! Every table this was Absolutely ridiculous. Trash food every square inch. I took mine to go and was scared to eat who's knows what kitchen would look like. NASTY!!!!
Tried the McPlant for the first (and last) time. Would have been better eating an actual plant. Good thing they drown it in mayo and ketchup or it wouldn't have had any taste at all. The fries were warm at best and had been sitting there for awhile. I'm gonna stick with Burger King for my plant based burger, plus they have onion rings.
I have been in this area for about 5 months now. I have never went to this McDonalds and everything  in my order where correct. It   s either you don't get everything or you get everything and something is physically wrong with the food. Today I did a mobile order for pickup. My fries where literally half cooked and that in the box where half the fries where missing. It seemed like they dipped the fries in the cooking oil for two minutes then put them straight into the box. I never get sweet tea even thats what I always order.Also if you are looking for any hospitality or customer services don't hold you breathe. Sometimes I g
I don't think I have ever had such a rude attitude for  a drive through worker. I waited and waited while I was the only one in the drive through. When I finally said hello to catch their attention   was yelled at with the words one second. Then finally time to order I was asked "what do you want" . So I said well hello.. first, and I would like a .. and proceeded with the order. No total was given but  was told "move forward". No please or thank you. So I asked do you always talk like that to customers? No answer. So I drove right through. Never again.
Very UNPROFESSIONAL!! I ordered from my phone as I have the apps for any food place. I asked my husband to go and pick up as I am working from home. He arrived at this location and he went to give them the code and they said they could not fulfill my order since my phone was not at the restaurant! Absolutely preposterous service. My husband said they were very rude about the while thing. I have never had this problem before as I have ordered several other times and never had to show them my phone. I do not even see on the app where it says it is required to bring your phone. .
We just had the worst experience at this location. We asked if they had the peppermint coffee for the holidays, the woman responded with    yeah   ..., I asked another question, no response, then she barks back    hot or cold    as I was asking my son what he wanted she once again barked    hot or cold ½ï
They always get the food out super fast and always seem to be in a good mood it's a great location the times I have not had a good time are few and far between so keep being awesome ï¿½ï
I got a delicious Quarter Pounder.  For $0.70 they added lettuce and tomato.  With medium fries and drink my meal cost $7.24.
For God   s sakes, please make the cookies fresh and warm when a customer orders them & stop baking 2 dozen ahead of time a
My experience with this McDonald's was a good one. I did not experience any poor treatment from the staff. In fact, the young lady who took my order was pleasant and helpful. No attitude, no acting like she had better things to do, she treated me very well, even joked with me a bit because I wanted a shake but, the ice cream machine was down for cleaning. My order was correct and EXACTLY what I wanted and was done in a speedy manner given how busy they were. Only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because I didn't get my shake. LOL
It's McDonald's           ½ï
Walked in and we were completely ignored even though we were the only people in there.  After about 10 minutes asked if they were serving people inside and the manager told us yes to give them a second. She didn't even turn around and look at us.  Waited another 5 minutes and still never received any service.  By far the rudest manager I've encountered at McDonald's.
I know McDonald's isn't known for customer service but this place is beyond rude. It's a 24/7 location drove up to order... nothing no response.  Went inside the gas station and walked in.  The grill chick looked at me after standing there a few mins.. I said excuse me.  She looked at me then turned around and hid behind a stainless Steele shelf for a min. Another min later Said hello once again... no acknowledgement. FINALLY three people come out from the back... another min or so someone finally acknowledges me... rudely... food was burnt and to top it off i got food poisening!
We ate here twice in a row, this McDonald   s is awesome from the cleanliness to t
Nice place to take breakfast  or delicious lunch and customer service available any time you walk inside
We went inside this time so I could use expiring points. The man who helped me was so patient and helpful with me figuring out the app. Didn't act like I was putting him out either!
Food getting bland...service good... atmosphere a bit outdated
Missing 1 large French Fries. Wrong honey mustard instead of sweet and sour (had to pay 10 cents per sauce packet. Very slow service. The slow service might be that more time is put into closing the bag with tape than it takes to prepare the food. The only reason they get any stars is because they were super polite.
Sorry I like McDonald's, but this restaurant is not doing good. Customer service is pitiful the employees are rude and by the way they take your order I don't think they like what they are doing. Also need more manpower too many customers and a very long wait time. And then you get you order now it has to be to go and it does not come with catsup for the fries, 2 napkins fires half way full etc etc. I will think twice before I go back to that restaurant. I really like McDonald's but having those experiences I might stop eating big mac's, fish sandwich, fries, sweet rolls and many other things. If management gets to see my txt I hope next time that I try to go I will have a better experience.
So I ordered from door dash.  All my French fries were missing and I have 5 children all the sundaes and McFlurrys were missing.  I called door dash and got credit for the missing items but as those of you know you don   t get dash fee and delivery fee and tip credit when the items missing so I lost that money.  I reordered all the missing items which included 3 Oreo McFlurrys,2 fudge sundaes and one Carmel.  I received 2 sundae and 1 McFlurry.  Get door dash credit again but again loading the fees and tip.  I try and call the store so the manager could at least talk to the parties who were making and packing and checking the order and tell them just be careful and pack everything on the receipt. Just read it and check it. But no first 3 calls it rang a few times and went to message that this store can   t answer calls anymore. It late it not rush hour at  care is taken to ensure the quality of the food they put out.  Very disappointed in this store. ï¿½ï
They need to hire real English speakers. It took me 10+ minutes to explain my order. Then my fries were so cold they must have prepared them last night. I had to go back inside and wait another 10 minutes to get them replaced. Meanwhile my burgers were getting cold. There were 2 Mexicans ladies working the front and drive thru who seamed to be conversing and unbothered by THE customers in the lobby. The Mexican man in the back was the only one working hard. I don't know if anyone else was English speakers or not but all I saw was 4-5 Mexicans working at noon. Photos included. Management or owners need to periodically check to see if their restaurant is to standards.
I've been there twice. My order was completely messed up both times. The first time they offered to make the missing burger and make fresh fries. I waited 20 min before I said, I want my food or my money now. I got my burger and the same fries she took from me 20 min ago. I watched them screw up order after order while spending time playing and flirting. Horrible place. Needs real management. Not management trying to get into their co workers pants.
I came in having a bad day, and the manager noticed that I was frustrated because everyone was busy when I walked in. Long story short.... The manager paid for my meal with a smile. Great customer service!
This is THE WORST MacDonald's I have ever visited. First thing I noticed. Four white customers standing in line and the black customers being served their meals. The BLACK manager custom made their sweet teas, reassured them that "all you have to do is ask for me and I'll ""have your back"". They left more than happy. Meanwhile the untrained cashier cannot prioritize drink expediting. When one of the white customers asked the manager to assist, the manager just looked at him and turned around. In response, that white customer left very angry before ordering. After witnessing this obvious display of racism towards whites, another white couple simply walked out without ordering. Finally I ordered my meal. A Big Mac meal. It took five minutes to expedite my meal. The black manager yelled out my number, dropped the bag that contained my meal on the counter and turned and left. No thank you, no reassurance that I was pleased, nothing. I then waited 10 MINUTES for my large Coke!!!!!!    The cashier, who is responsible for making drinks, didn't know how to get more ice or restock the large cups. To top
"THE WORST MCDONALD'S I HAVE EVER BEEN TO!!!!
I went there to order breakfast sandwiches for my crew to show them some appreciation for there hard work. I ordered 20 breakfast sandwiches to get to job location and count 15 only in the bags. I had to waste my time and gas to go back and get the rest for my crew.  They should really double check there orders before handing them out. Also they are rude and unprofessional!!! You tell them the situation and they look at you like it's your fault and dont even apologize for any inconvenience they have caused you. Someone from corporate really needs to go clean house at this location. As I am writing this I can also see all the other bad reviews about this location. That's gotta say a lot about the GM running this store and his employees. ï¿½ï"
"It's unfortunate that after today,  I'll be going to the McDonald's on Beach. 3yrs here, 7 days a week I order a large mocha.   I've seen the management change about 7 people and I've made some friends.
All those people are gone. I made a direct complaint recently because I've had enough,  you'd think I'd go to a different McDonald's with ""that ""many issues right? Well, I don't think I should have had to drive further for their lack of customer service, but...its not changing. My complaint was handled fast and efficient. I come to retrieve my mocha and it tasted weird, a couple of days ago. I came back and was asked to park in 3 for it to be re made. I then gave it back to the lady and told her to please let the manager know I wasn't satisfied with the drink, we both laughed and she said ok.
Yesterday, I waited an hr because it was raining crazy...for a doordash. They gave the wrong item first and I had to reorder.
Today I go, and retrieve my mocha again, and the manager ask me how many were promised to me? I let her know,  the last one I came back and returned and told the girl somethings wrong with it,  it's taste burnt.  The gm says , I saw you yesterday and I know I gave you a free mocha. To me...that is calling me a liar. Especially when you repeat it after I tell you ,I didn't come yesterday,  I doordashed and yall messed that up. I also have dash receipts to show.
She then says I didn't call you a liar, but I know I gave you a free one. She then tells me her staff shared that I drive up without ordering. No. Have you ever experienced that? I'm here daily! When I told her her staff isn't at the window, just as she wasn't when I pulled up*today*  she said something was wrong with the speaker...No, accept some accountability.  The last manager told me she was Rosa and that's not the same lady I complained on. Anywho,  I told her I'm not the problem and I'm not sure why this hasn't been fixed yet,  but today I've decided to switch locations. lol drive further for good customer service, Rosa, thank you for at least responding today.

#LargeahotMocha"
Very slooowww service. Just about any time I show. They send you to the waiting spot # 2 for 10 minutes for 2 chicken nuggets happy meals and 2 chicken sandwich. This happens often. I will go to a different McDonald's.
This particular location is by far starting to be the worst in alliance! Their fries are always cold they sweet tea is nasty and the burgers are "warm" last week was our last time going to this location. We've found a better one
Management is  rude  went in to order some food young lady a register was taking my order when the manager comes over a tries to hand me a mask. When informed that i have a condition the keeps me from wearing one she rudely informed me  they would have to void my order and cant serve  me.  So loving that i can't  get food without  a mask and i drive a truck.
Same reason as before there was a rubberband in my food rapper and dirt on my bun
I just went here 20 minutes ago it took very long i never got my receipt, ordered 40 chicken nuggets and didn't give me any sauces after specifying I wanted ranch buffalo and bbq when i asked her for sauce she handed me 4! Not only that she didn't hand me my money right and made my $5 dollar bill drop on the ground she was a young Lady with orangy yellow hair. Each Night is the same. This mcdonalds has horrible workers and horrible customer service!
It ½ï¿½
The lady who took my order was on her phone. She missed my order. Had to order again to the manager and he was speaking rude. The lady who gave me the remaining order literally threw it onto the table, rolled her eyes over. Not a good experience.
"042321 Tried them again in a rush and was insulted with a terrible attitude because I added a tea to my order, then she walked away with my credit card, the large cup had black finger prints marks on it, and gave me a scorched and cold egg Mcmuffin sandwich. The hashbrown was also greasy!

I ordered a bacon McGriddle w/o cheese, hash brown and a senior coffee. She thanked me and stated my cost. When it wasn't aligned with normal cost, I had to ask if I would do better ordering it as a meal. That reduced the price very nicely, but made me wonder why my server didn't at least offer to check the price to help me. Then, I decided if I'm paying for my cheese, I'll take it on the side. When I got my order, the bacon and the hash brown were just so loaded with grease! The sandwich was messier, sweet dough (yuk) and the hash brown soaked through the bag! I know McDonald's serves fast food, but this made me feel like a heart attack was going to happen if I ate it! I rarely stop at McD but I was running and hadn't eaten. The experience reminded me, they are not emergency food, they are emergency room food."
Poor service. They were super busy and took the orders pretty fast, but they didn't make my order. I waited 15 minutes for 6 nuggets and a small fry. After several other orders that were placed after me were served I asked about mine and the lady handing out orders  just brushed me off. I just asked for a refund instead, which was a lot quicker. Thanks for wasting my time. Ronald wouldn't not be happy, not happy at all!
"The manager himself throws fries inside the to go bag, maybe 10 in the container and the rest all loose in the bag. Has a salty attitude and highly unqualified position. Not a good front for this business. Recommend new management, do the manager a favor and get rid of him. I can only imagine how the food is prepared.

PS. The chicken nuggets taste like out-dated breaded shrimp."
I ordered a bacon smokehouse meal. The lady asked chicken or patty. No where on menu did it say chicken. The only thing I received correct with my order was the drink. I ordered beef and I received the chicken only. I ordered the meal and didn't receive my fries. Then the receipt said sandwich only with chicken. Usually when you order its automatically a meal unless specified otherwise. I ordered the meal she heard everything I said cause she repeated it back to me. I will make my stops elsewhere.
I am only giving 1 star instead of 0 because the OTHER staff were great. I listened to the manager verbally abuse the staff & customers. The establishment was a disaster, including a gentleman with no shoes picking at his toes in the back booth. I feel sorry for anyone having to work under this manager. Even when he managed the courtesy to pull a employee to the back to "speak" to them, everyone was still able to hear the highly explosive conversation. l do however commend the other staff for holding it together although i did see one staff member crying while taking orders after a "conversation" with said manager. I pray UPPER MANAGEMENT reads this review and does something about this situation ASAP. This is the worst review i have ever had to write and hope to never have to write such a review again.
Best Macdonalds ever. They have nice ladies and they're open 24 7. They are connected to the pilot truck stop. They also have a drive thru on the west side of the building.
This was a convenient place to stop and grab something to eat on our way home from a movie. They were busy and I was thinking it would take a while but they had employees who knew what they were doing. And we were able to get our order within 5 minutes and they got it right.
The self check out are down and apparently they dont serve lunch till 1100 on Saturday. This whole experience even with the pilot that shares its location was bad. I did call ahead but i got no answer from the pilot. Their showers and laundry is down they're doin construction but the truck parking lot is kinda tight. If a mom and poped open a truck stop around here id give them business. Also this mcdomalds doesnt have indoor dine in due to covid. If you want to be comfortable and sit in a restaurant and eat come to my home state of fl amd get real southern hospitality. We dont live in fear in fl. I didnt think texas had well i leave it at that. They could at least clean the sitting area even though it has caution tape and looms like a crime scene. A little broom and a mop would make a world of difference but the dust that has accumulated out yhere could give a person a cold. Companies really need to start rethinking this covid kick. With resent events people are going to become more conservative with their money. Oils is about to go up and energy pretty muck controls the market. Might be a good time for companies to become more hospitable
Fresh food service great lunch break location.
Worse  McDonald   s ever Every morning I come up here for work thinking it will be a new experience but I 
A distinguished man who held himself as if he were the manager at McDonalds warned an older woman that the fries were hot. The human touch was awesome! (The employee is a handsome black man, nice build. I saw this: 1/18/19 6:40pm)
Not bad service. They were fast, not super friendly but not mean. The food they served me was actually pretty well done. They did give me the wrong sauce I asked for though.
Sign inside says."now hiring smiling faces".  That's good because none of staff was smiling at all.  My Egg McMuffin was burned around edges.  .  We got sweet tea instead of regular tea.  Didn't ask about sauce, just put in hot sauce.  Would be nice to get a thank you too.  Definitely not a place I would recommend or stop at again.
"I was very impressed with the attitude of Mr. Vincent, Miss Lexy and Miss Jordan.
These young people have potential to be whatever they set their head to.
The owner of this establish has reason to be proud of these precious employees.
What can I say more than stop by,  say hello and enjoy the great atmosphere of these teens working in harmony to meet the needs of their customers."
Fast paced!! The food was hot and was the way I ordered it
My food was fresh that   s why the 2 stars. But customer service goes a long way. And like an
A wonderful quick stop here before the start of an extended shift!!!! Made quick and fresh for your desire of, literally, Fast Food :)
All Mondays were supposed to be free coffee for the month of December only for school employees. I didn't know that school employees go to truck stops to get coffee. I thought that were more of Star Bucks coffee drinkers. Very disappointed in Mc Donald's again.
This location NEVER gets the order out the window correctly. I was shorted  half of my order AGAIN!!! DO NOT ORDER FOOD HERE!!!! I'm so sick of this, a refund doesn't mitigate the issue!! TRAIN YOUR EMPLOYEES TO CHECK EVERY SINGLE ORDER AND MAKE DARN SURE THAT THE FOOD IS ALL THERE!! Y'all are providing a service, we pay you to get it right. Over and over I've had to make the delivery person do YOUR job. And guess what? Something is ALWAYS MISSING. usually an entire bag. Tonight, there are no fries. NONE. On a $40 order!!! Ridiculous. If I could give y'all no stars I would.
It's a shame that I have to rate Mcdonalds a 1 star, but the service I received tonight was by far the worst I have experience and it needs to be addressed because now I will not be going back but the young lady that was working drive thru tonight her name is Elise was very rude and can not believe the way she talks to customers this is how exactly it went word for word and I work in customer service so I know how customers can be over the top when there complaining but word for word this is how it was, I honked my horn as I was in drive thru after I received my food because I had asked for ranch sauce and was given buffalo, keep in mind this is not a big deal for me and I will not be rude to the young lady over this but she took my honk as i did not have manners which is by far not my intentions I was simply trying to get her attention. She opened the window and asked me with a attitude Did you just honk? And started going off on me about manners, by then i was so upset that i just told her just hand me my ranch i will not argue with you as she still was holding the ranch still going off I then told her are you kidding me just give me the ranch and explained to her since I pulled up to this window you have had a rude attitude but that was not my place to get upset over that if she was having a bad night I just wanted my order so I can get back to work, as I addressed her attitude she then said to me Why cause I'm black? I was so beyond upset I have never been talk to this way from any restaurant and really do not know what this girls deal was and how did it lead to her assuming it was about her being black. Will not be going back.
I did an mobile online service and for the first and the drive thru person was so rude and didn't ask me for my order number but said my name. I pulled up to the window and waited for  my food and the drive thru person end up asking what my order was I am like are you serious and so I told him and was so mad cause I went to this location before and always had nice people but today and for now on I will not return to  this location because ever again. One bad experience makes you not want to come back. Even the manager sounded rude too.
I stop here often only because it is on my way to and from work, but seriously this is by far consistently the worst McDonalds I have ever visited.  The milk shake machine is always broke down, as was tne case today.  I ordered a big mack, hold the catchup, fries and a diet coke. I even repeated myself to hold the catsup twice at the microphone and asked at the window again to insure she understood to hold the catsup on the burger and was meet with a very curt "yes, I heard you". Guess what , not only did they not hold the catsup but it was over loaded with extra catsup and I got a regular coke.  Well at least the fries were right.  I honestly believe the main problem is that the people taking orders at the drive thru speak poor English and obviously understand it equally as poorly, toped off with very poor customer service skills.  They s eriously act like the customers are a bother.
I dont eat breakfast without mac sauce, they have given me mac sauce with my breakfast before but now they won't, so no breakfast for me. Lost a sale because their to lazy to open up some mac sauce... just wows me.
After waiting five minutes in a drive through line the vehicle at the ordering microphone had to jump the curb to exit the line because the drive through lane was blocked by another car at the pickup window. When I pulled up to the order microphone I was greeted with "pleas wait a second." I replied, "i've been reading the newspaper for the past five minutes and you are telling me to wait a second." He said the computers were down and that they were accepting cash only. If they had any integrity for customer service they would have come out and told us that five minutes ago. I also had to jump the curb to leave the line. When I did, I was met with yelling from a person in the parking lot.
They used to have average customer service and take forever in the drive thru. Now the customer service is also bad. The lady at the drive thru can not get my order right for the life of her and is just rude. I mean it's convenient for me as it's on my way to work but if you can avoid it, do yourself a favor!
"STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE. ! !
This is the worst MacDonalds that I ever visited.
-Worker with cold touxhing her nose several times, and then handling food.
-Bad customer service...worker at cash register treating customer's with a reallt bad attitude.
-Morning shift manager seems that she don't care about customer complaints.
-Management and front staff need to be fired."
"Ok here complaint. You serve breakfast bisque bacon egg and cheese. But you don't serve bacon egg and cheese bagels after 12pm.
I find that unacceptable it's on your menu and you are a business that is seeking to make a buck. You seek to have positive numbers on your income. So why it is such big deal that you can't serve me a bagel after 12pm? I'm the customer and put money in your pocket. You need to rethink your way of treatment of your customers. I can buy anything on your menu at anytime."
The service was extremely poor as many customers had to wait a while for their food. The only reason I even gave it 3 stars was because the manager stepped in and took care of the customers. The food was good and fresh.
Oh gross dont ever eat hear now they are all dope heads here took 30 min to get my order that only consisted of 2 small fries and 2 cheese burgers
This parking lot is congested it's hard to move around on this lot. Plus I just witness a horrible case of road rage.  McDonalds need a better layout to avoid all of this dangerous nonsense. However,  I had and ice cream cone that was absolutely delicious. Yum!
The whole time the worker was taking my order I felt rushed. she was rushing me. when I got home and checked my bag two barbecue sauces showed up on the screen when I was ordering but when I got home I was disappointed to see no sauces were in the bag.
They are a crappie place, starting off with rude people, especially the guy in the drive through. I ordered a large orange juice with my breakfast meal then another meal with a large coffee. the drinks were wrong, then he says i have to charge you more for the upgrade. so 2 different transactions, 2 receipt then on the second receipt he didn't even want to give me
It's fine that they're resetting their computers a bit later than they should, but to have their crew members unable to price out and take an order is unacceptable. Might as well close the store temporarily at that point.
Clean store and both cook and cashier were polite, drinks and food decent
Out of all the McDonald   s int he area, this one is always on the ball with their quality
Went in late . No one was at the counter  at first but the one who was visible was cleaning the grill and the area by that saw me and realized i had been waiting took my order.washed her hands and made my double quarter VB pounder just right.i frequent this store and that is a first.
The cashier ignored me 4/2 minutes and then finally whenever I asked if they were going to take my order she rolled her eyes and took my order and then I'm not sure if they just forgot to make my order or accidentally handed it out the window but after about 20 minutes I asked where my order was and none of the employees had any idea. I had to repeat what I had ordered about three different times and then about ten minutes later I got my food. I was on a lunch break at work a my entire brake was spent being ignored and waiting on food to be remade. I will never visit this status men again.
Came to this McD this morning. No my usual spot. Lol. Asked for water no ice got ice water.  Side of gravy. Gravy is spoiled. Asked for 4 splenda. Got 2.  Did not get hot cakes and there was a busted syrup in the bag with the splenda and gravy on its side. There was a manager at the window.  I always say please and thank you to everyone. I know it is busy but it only takes a second to listen to someone you are serving.  Chick-fil-a is always busy but you don't get this stuff there.
Wow, staff is best ever.Had food done within a minute.Very friendly, plus excellent food. Thank you staff .. ½ï¿½ï¿½ï
This restaurant really needs to get on board with keto or low carb burgers. I asked for a quarter pounder with cheese and bacon wrapped in lettuce.  They first brought it out without lettuce then they took it back after I asked it to be wrapped in lettuce a 2nd time I just threw a piece of lettuce on the top with no condiments
On Quater pounder, without chess, and 10 pieces chicken nuggets. QP- Chesse, just scrap out- burger wasn't done. Chicken nuggets, All 10 was, unbeatable. Stuck together, after pulling apart- rare flour- in between. Horrible service!!!
The girls that work here are the sweetest!!! Forgot to catch her name, but she worked the night of 4-10-17. She was soooo friendly!! My daughter just loved her! Thank you!! And look at this french fry...looks like a face ;)
"Dont think we got a reciept
We like to come to this place after work, because we got off around 12. This hasn't just happened to say but; we ordered 2 Mcdoubles, a breakfast sandwich and a mcchicken. Instead of the Mcdoubles we got 2 mcgriddles. At this point with how many time my order has been wrong I should just have to stop to the side and check, cuz I don't think we got a receipt"
Typical Mcdonald. Decent tasting food and reasonably priced. They performed as expected
Got 2 shakes and both were the worst I have ever had
Asked for no pickles and I got a warm chs burger with pickles yuck! Nuggets were warm they forgot my sauce. My drink was all wrong. I think they are better at breakfast time. Geeze
Questionable people in the area outside but solid staff
The worse McDonald   s ever...... the don   t even deserve 1 star and I got a Happy
Nicely furnished as most modern McDonald's are.  The food is standard faire.  Breakfast is average, After breakfast is edible if you can dodge the petrocheese.  They usually get orders right, typically the only issue I've found with this one is they occasionally will omit something from the bag.
"The manager at night is awful very unprofessional and is extremely rude.
She yelled at me a couple of months ago because i asked for a plain mcdouble and said just ketchup cheese and meat and she gor super rude yelled back at me about how she clearly knows what plain is and that i dont need to explain it to her. I continued to go there because she wasnt always there and now shes the only person who works the window at night i drive by to see if shes who is working and if she is i refuse to go at all because shes rude to me every time i go. Ive tried talking to her and being super friendly so maybe i could not get such terrible customer service but she rolls her eyes at me and kept doing what shes doing."
I'm not a big fan of McDonald's and this restaurant didn't change my mind. The food was the same as all McDonald's, service was good and their prices were reasonable, as are all McDonald's I've ever visited. They are consistent!
Nice kids working here. But! $3.00 for fries? Really?
Horrible services. Waiting on my table for long time and never bringing up my food.
I never really have a problem with McDonald's it was good
"Had all the ingredients for special shown in McDonald's own app but somehow did not have a way to enter into register.  They were also unwilling to accept the close substitute that came up when the coupon was scanned!  Insisted that I pay full plus for bacon.  Never saw this at any other McDonald's store since using the app more than year now.
This is funny business ."
I'm done. From the unprofessionalism of their restaurant workers to the fallacy of their app [can't input receipts when app glitches or give a complaint because their locator glitches].
Started at drive thru and started ordering food at first able to hear the lady but after I order my first thing I could not really hear her and then when I got my food it was wrong.
"It's McDonalds, pumping out the food and moving the feed line.
What else need to be said??
How about BRING BACK THE CHICKEN TENDERS!!"
Bad service dont come here . The manager very rude waiting to order for 5 mins not even say just a minute. The worst McDonald we ever been no way to come back. I give zero star!!!!!
There is a lack of customer service. The food comes out fast but not always right. There is a lack of care for customers to get all that they need in condiments.
20mins to even order. Not cause they are busy cause it ½ï¿½ï
Didn't get my order correct. No inside seating. I wish I could have tried their sausage gravy and biscuits but I am not taking that to go.
There   s a Lady at the Window everyday at Lunch time 12:00 and she is the RUDEST person ever like it   s a everyday thing she gets mad if you ask her for sauce they won   t put sauce unless you ask she rolls her eyes when I ask her. Pinche Vieja Amargada Con Nopal en La Frente. If you donï¿½ï
Sending everyone to overflow and then 20 minutes later delivered all reheated food that looks prepared over an hour ago. Whoever the order taker at 1pm is is the rudest woman ever. Terrible McDonald's
Food was good, order was correct which is very rare nowadays
About this time...the girl that works at the register does not appreciate her job...she doesn't smile or say can I take your order...she says have you order yet? What type of customer services representative ask this question...and my food was incorrect. If you dont like your job find another one.
Always takes forever. They never smile and they   re never that friendly. I   ve gone at night when itï¿
These People always mess my order up I once came here it was my last time All i wanted was a big mac with fries, but no I GOT A MCDOUBLE!!!!!!!!!! I WANTED A BIG MAC. They take forever the employees are crazy and you half the time get the wrong food! Go to somewhere else or you have lost your mind.
"I had to spend the weekend here. Hate that as I might McDeath was doing fine with my ice coffees, which I admit I am addicted. Until Monday morning...sigh...when I got that 1 McDeath manager who thinks they are in charge of making sure this multi-billion dollar Corp gets its 50 whether they are asking for it or not.
McDeath has a great app,"
I usually don't lower myself to Micky D's food, but I was here and hungry, so figured one burger from here wouldn't kill me. As long as your expectations aren't too high, the food is okay, just sad though what Micky D's and Burger King and the others have done to the Great American Hamburger. If you look around you can get better food and service. The only burgers worse than Micky Ds are the soy burgers you get out of vending machines. And as long as you don't ask for anything special, they'll make you a burger, but I asked for one without onions and catsup, and naturally they couldn't even get that right. A crappy burger with crappy service, what a wonderful meal.. BTW, if you want to find The Great American Hamburger, as it should be, go to Fuddruckers.
Ridiculously slow!!!! It is 12:40 a.m. and I have been here 15 minutes. Since I have been here I have watched the manager open the register I was standing at, then walk back to the office and then come back out to make herself a frappe and then walk back to the office. I come here Monday thru Friday as I am a truck driver and this McDonald's is inside the pilot. This sure isn't fast food!!!!!.
"Food was fresh at this McDonald's.
I travel all over the country and its rare to get fresh at McDonald's but ty this store nailed it!!!!
Ty for making sure we eat well.
 "
It's a McDonalds. The food is consistent and delicious, if you like McDonalds.
The food was okay, but the service was horrible. I was even told to have a good night or anything like that. They need better customer service
Good service ,only thing I didn't like was no milk..
McDonald's is McDonald's what can I say. This particular McDonald's has kind of a tight drive through but they're pretty good. I'm taking 2018 off of eating McDonald's just for fun. I'll be back though Ronald, don't worry.
I wish they would bring back the two for $ 5.00 Big Macs.
Good food for people on the road, and they also have a IHOP I know right, just not In the store, just a little blocks and you   ll see it, it 
SPENT 1/2 HOUR JUST TO GET 2 DRINKS AND A 20 PIECE NUGGET!! THATS NOT INCLUDING THE 15 MINUTES THE INCOMPETENT MANAGER ON DUTY AT NIGHT SPENT ON THE PHONE!!! THIS WAS AT 2:00 AM!! RIDICULOUS!!! STAY AWAY FROM THIS MCDONALD'S IF YOU WANT TO GET YOUR FOOD FAST.
Shoutout to this McDonald   s for being the only place to acce
Horrible McDonald   s and they charge yo
Everytime I come here these people make me wait at least 10 minutes for my and the food is mediocre at best! I never go unless everything else is closed.
The drink they gave me had a pool of soda on top of the lid.  And most importantly they forgot to put the big mac I ordered in my bag.  I am a super trucker so I had to hit the road and didn't look in the bag until I was miles away.  Thanks, jerks!
No access to napkins. No self-serve soda. Attitudes lousy. Poor communication. They have no confidence, or trust with their customers. I wonder how safe and clean their food be..
Food was good. No attention to detail. Added lettuce and tomato to fish filet and got the special order tag but no lettuce or tomatoes to be found. Sad.
This is the most disgusting McDonald   s I   ve ever
I just left because if a store is thursday nasty then the food is not good. Cheese and lettuce all over the floor. About 3 employees walk past it at least 3 times. It takes 5 to 10 minutes to keep the floor clean
I am very irritated right now. The woman who took my order messed it up then shorted me on my order and I went back through to the rest of my order she proceeded to try and charge me again!! When I tried to call or talk to management I got fax noises. This is ridiculous will not be coming back this McDonald's!!
Wish I could give 0 stars. Waited in line to place an order and just stood there waiting without ever getting help. The manager was making a shake and giggling with the female workers. When he was done he never offered to take my order. I won't visit here again.
I walked in and I was the only one there at 6:45 p.m. on a Wednesday. Ordered Quarter Pounder and large fry and took forever to get it, but it was hot and fresh
This McDonalds is less than subpar. They've gotten most of my meals wrong, have charged me extra on items before and a few times have just given me the wrong order. I just stopped going here eventually and started going to another franchise down the 35.
"My opinion is that Management and staff do not speak English well so Customer Service is not at the level it should be
I did have to wait longer than expected but my food was fresh Can't complain about that
Thanks"
Got double quarter pounder for me and my driver. It was delicious.
Had to run to the bathroom all day after eating breakfast there. Yeah? Made for a long rotten work day. Don't eat here.
I walk in and waiting on the line for my turn to order. I ask the cashier I want strawberry milk shake. SHE SAYING THA MACHINES BROOK DOWN. McDonald's plz help.bad customer service.
Their coffee machine is never "ready yet" when a certain manager works here in the morning. But it's always ready with every other manager. Hmm....
Ordered a small and large fry.. the large fry was half full. I poured the small fry into it to make it a large so basically cheated me out of a small fry and my money! They never fill the fries up they give you food that ½ï¿
Works okay clean manager was as dumb as a box of rocks he had me reach into a bag of food to see if it was mine or someone else's.good thing it was mine I didn't wash my hands after I went to the restroom
You always have to ask f ½ï¿½
Really bad manners kid with tattoo stars on his neck , asked for egg and cheese McGriddles 2 sausage biscuit and cheese and only tree sausage on them went back and ask them to correct it and just threw egg and cheese cold .. bad service, really should get reviewed by headquarters
it   s just a mcdonald ½ï
Only got drinks to go on the road. Ordered  drive thru.
This McDonald's food tasted very good its was fresh and delicious hot and hadn't been setting under a heat lamp
I always comes here like twice a month and gets food from very good staff and this restaurant is very clean and neat
"Long wait to be served
We ordered two hot fudge sundaes
They tasted of and looked and looked  like chocolate
I returned them to the store where I pointed out they tasted off and we   re chocolate
The manager on 03/17/19 20:44
Was extremely rude
He told me not his fault I didn   t like the sundaes
He then turned his back on me
I told him that it was poor customer service and rude to turn his back on me
He aggressively turn to me and snapped what did you say so I repeated my"
Whoever manages overnight is literally the worst. They ignore the drive thru and when you go in they all run to the back and ignore you.
Store is supposed to be 24 hours. Employees say they're closed when they don't want to work
Melissa the manager at night gave me a great customer service...... She knows how to take care of customers when there is a problem....... good job Melissa...... see u in the next time when I'm in town.....thx
Posted hours of operation indicate they're supposed to be open 24/7.  Went by at 1:30 AM on Saturday, and they're closed.  I guess I'll have to ignore the craving for a Quarter Pounder with cheese.
I didn't go 2 McDonald's 4 a meal. I went next door 2 Subway. Nice place 2 visit though.
Yall took more than 15 minutes i was late to work
Very rude and unprofessional. They think just because someone they know comes in the store they   re allowed to let them cut in line
Been here multiple times yet they always seem to find a way to mess up my order . Would not recommend this location with the current staff .
OMG My food is always fresh and hot. The service is friendly and fast.
They don't know how to make a dang mcchicken
It was delicious I had to double bacon cheeseburger first time there they did and excellent job !!
"4 Self Check out !
1 registere Lol .."
The man behind the counter is out if control. He says inappropriate things. He said something about peeing on himself and getting arrested where all the customers who were eating  could hear.
Friendly and patient guy at the window especially early in the morning, great sweet tea made perfect and our breakfast was hot and fresh
"I have a medical condition which I can not wear a mask
I was refused service ,
I am a truck driver
I will never go into another McDonald's
And I will be telling everyone one how y'all do not care about any one with a medical condition"
Horrible customer service the app didn   t work out did explain to employee but 
Owner needs to go in as a customer in a disguise and see why people are complaining about the food and service.then weed out the screwups, starting at the top  and work your way down.it doesn't take a rocket scientist to flip a burger and make fries or speak English for God's sake.
Very nice,friendly, courteous workers with great attitudes. Would definitely recommend this Mc Donald's
Worst McDonald's ever!!! My fries weren't even filled half way, and I paid to make my fries a large and still got a half empty medium.
The food is well prepared and the employees are professional. My only issue is the lack of electric plugs near the booths to charge phones and laptops.
I would never eat MacDonald.  I'll drink the coffee.  But thefood is garbage.
Third time in two weeks I wait through a long line only to find out that they are taking cash only.  Nobody can stand back at the entrance to the drive through to keep you from getting trapped in it.  This management team sucks.
"08/26/19 17:00
Excellent customer service, friendly employees. Wish they were also running the Pilot!!!"
Terrible servies but the food at that one is ok but those people were just talking and did not care that we were there
They didn't have any forks, we waited ten minutes for our order, we didn't recieve any of the condiments we requested at the window
Just your typical road side McD's. They are typically quick and accurate and that's the best we can expect I suppose.
Went here for lunch, it was very busy. Customer service was great and food came out quickly.
The drive thru always makes me feel like I'm going to run into the wall!
ýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýý
Fast and good
Stopped by on my way to work, all I could see was the floor full of trash, trash cans over their limits, and the employees worried about who took holidays off or clocked in late instead of getting their selfs to clean
They always missing my mac sauce  ½ï
Decent food for mcdonalds but 5-10 minutes to get your food unlike most mcdonalds.
"We take Dinners, breakfasts, or lonch
The 3rd shifts personal is very friendly
(Happy costumers service  "
Window employee was extremely RUDE! They took forever and had NO KETCHUP! Also, saw employee handling food without gloves!! EEWW!
Extremely clean and very fast service (breakfast rush) food was fresh and the service was great.
I think they could  take out a lot more time cleaning and sanitizing there store. Gas station
There burgers has gotten worse than ever but their fries are still good.
It sucks they put the TVs on some BS Channel got 40 truckers sitting around wanting to watch the same thing and the manager is too stupid to know how to change the TV channel great service McDonald's business like this please go bankrupt or get out of the truck stop business
This was the worst experience I've ever had at a McDonald's night manager was very rude didn't want to attend customers at counter when I got to counter she said can't you read it says kiosk only I felt like she was in a bad mood and was taking it out on the customers and made me feel like she was being very racist
Spent 20 minutes inline at the drive through and the iced coffee was still very bland and unlike its normal taste
Always good customer service and get the order right every time!
It's McDonald's. They have been around your whole life.  If you don't know what to expect then I'm not going to spoil it.
What ever happened to fast service and hot food you get neither at this place
Clean fast service. In a pilot so its a one stop shop if you need gas or otherwise
Well stocked good service.....truckers mark up " everything marked up 75 cent"
Horrible place they get my order wrong EVERY SINGLE TIME do not waste your money here this place is awful doesn 
Fast food,  the drive-thru employee could be a bit nicer, or polite.
The new 1/4 lb smokehouse bacon burger is very good, not old school
"Worst place. Order something and we got something else .. drivethrough
The person who takes order is Mexican who dont understand english"
Good place to stop for resting, and fill up, get some food, and even a clean shower
Always very accurate. Can hit the drive thru in about 15 mins on an average day.
Love mc donakds foods consistent
Terrible service. Ive sat here 20 min amd im still waiting for my food.
Strawberry and cream cheese fried pie was like don't get em cuz I want all of these. #Fatandy
Busy location. My order for sausage biscuit and tea got lost in the orders making me wait unusually long.
When breakfast was over the manager came out and gave us free hashbrowns,........that was very nice
I was calling to try to check up on something there. And they kept answering the phone and hanging up. Not even trying to help me with the call. One time they even answered and just sat the phone down, i heard people talking in the background..  they are horrible.
Great services
RUDE,  SLOW, AND GOT ORDER WRONG. Don't come to this McDonald's a expect fast,or friendly  ZERO STARS!!!!!
Took long to order and when ordering try to use a couple off the app and it wasn't applied and then when we got the order the fires was cold
Fast. I played and waited for about 2 or 3 minutes! It was done. Good nod Mcdonald's
All the dine in tables were dirty
You know those moments when you're looking for a way to kill massive amounts time? Visit this place. Seriously, one visit and you'll understand.
Awful.  Fries stale, Sandwiches cold sweet tea tastes like dirty dishwater.
Order a large sprite thru drive thru this morning and the sprite is disgusting ruined my morning now I have nothing to drink thanks.
Never gets order right! Not once- !
They take forever, and manage to get everyone's order wrong. This is the world's worst McDonald's  
I don't eat imitation meats and bread. It is fake food! Do not eat it I believe it have parts of humans in it and clay.
Fast service for being crowded! Easy in/out to I35, Great food as always!
Food is hot, employees are horrible at customer service.
Really sweet an nice works in drive-thru
Very nice and friendly people  and clean place
"Very very slow.
Good coffee though.
But very slow service."
Laughing at the costumer I'm black and proud of who I am you never know who I was  that's so sad I hope the new owner will be proud of yall
They ½
Bad customer service food was cold
The water was off in this restaurant and they were still open for business. A clear health code violation.
Customer service pretty bad . take you order and money and Then they tell you they are out of what you ordered
Ok
Have a great overnight crew especially Ms. Tiffany she is awesome.
Only thing good is the fries....and please bring the orange hi-c back!!!
Hello my friend just found a big nail in his chicken nuggets what should we do y'all have tarrabal sevice and
Very clean,well spoken staff, good service, good food and comfortable-----
No line, clean and clutter free, with fresh meal service asap.
Worst McDonald's ever.. poor service and cold food
Wish I could give 0 stars. People are rude and refused to wait on me.
They always seem to make you feel like you are inconveniencing them by being there.
Rude drive thru lady .. fire her
This is one of the worst McDonald's in the area very very poor customer service
McDonald's is always a good place to stop friendly folks with friendly smiles
No complaints. They did good.
Fast friend service and our order was perfect.
Food was great service was fast
Easy in the morning and keeps the coffee hot
Place is great unless its morning apparently. They lost my damn order
No breakfast at night and cash only and they act like we're supposed to know this in advance.
Fries are always good. Ice cream is ALWAYS not working
they do not deliver the order as you paid
This place is amazing, best service ever!
Between 3 and 4 stars. Within gas station building, service is quick and easy.
Love the sausage eggs and cheese mc muffin. Never gets old.
2 people ahead with orders and 30 minutes of waiting for cold fries
It took so long to get my food I thought I was waiting for them to finish slaughtering the cow to make my burger.
It's a great entertainment place and good cheap food
Staff was rude all food was cold horrible place to eat
"They want to charge $1 for a mask
That ½ï¿½ï¿½"
Food was served quick, hot and fresh!
Customer service was great love my apple.
"First time visiting the casino.
Was pretty cool."
5 minutes per car don ½
At 3 in the morning. This place will sure fill your appetite.
Went in to complain after waiting 15 minutes for a broken salad wrap, and was called a racist.
I waited in line so long that I decided to buy my breakfast from Pilot.
Fries were cold and wasn't cooked all the way
This place was craze.. The rest rooms were very dirty... Gross.. Needed to be clean..
Busiest place but good to wait for the service and food
Always clean and super fast service!
Nothing special
Really need help for the drive thru they are very slow :(
Days 24 hrs but drive through closed. Employees wander lazily.
Fresh hot food even in the early morning hours!
Its ok they have the play area i had grandkids
Cheap fast and rather decent for the money and a quick fix
Its fully staffed so not much of a wait
Ok service was kinda slow. Cash only.
Love Mickey D's
It's a Mcdonald's.. We all know what they offer.
A bit busy but very convenient
Great customer services.
The drive thru is fairly fast
Very clean bathrooms and great service
Clean  freindly hot food great service
What I can I say u don't already know
Night manager flirting with customers why other people waiting for service
I need to make it better quality service
Pretty much like every other McDonald's.
It's a good place to eat at
Good breakfast always. I love it.
very good
Someone found the tip of a needle in their burger. Don't go here.
Pancakes we're cold and hard!! And computers were down
Ordered a 10 piece nugget meal only for 8 nuggets.
It's a McDonald's nothing special you know what your going to get
Service is horrible. It is slow and customer service is poor.
Good service, great food!!!
Wouldn't  know they were shut down due to a power outage
My grand daughter loves  to play here
Seems legit. I eat here way too often.
I love their menu..affordable!!
Good and hot quick and friendly
Only 2 employee' s long wait @ 1.30 am?
It was a grate place and very fast
People in drive thru was rude
BEST. MCDONALD'S. EVER.
Food is so good
A good choice for fast food  in this area.
Who doesn't love mc Donald's  
Mac Donald always come through with there fries
Drive-thru takes forever overnight.
The cashier was nice
Ice coffee great .great service
If you have some chance just skip this place.
Slow drive thru service
Gross food and nasty dinning area
Fat burger nasty food
McDonalds is McDonalds nothing else needs to be said...
Food is always fresh
The staff is unfriendly and very slow.
Quick and fast customer service
Needs some work and better service.
Is a Mc, easy on, easy off IH.
Mcds can't beat the price
staff very rude, not clean
Quick and cheap bit to eat!
fast service, good healthy food)))))
Actually fast service  
Cashier was so rude(((
Worst one ever slow and rude
I like to much food for Jack in the box
Express service very recommended.
Food was cold and old.
Good service
McD's is McD's
Very nice service with a smile
Slower then a seven year itch.
No sauce for my nuggets ????? Smh
Fast and easy to use
This is a very reliable location.
There to buy gas only.
Mc Donalds slooow.
It's ok!
The food is hard and nasty
Really good cheap and convenient
Quick service and smiling faces
New clean
Manager night shift is rude
Macdees good for a quicky
Great
Fast food
Get you in an out fast
I just  passed  by.
Fast food not good
Didn't visit
Love the big Mac
Its McDonald's,  what do you expect?
They did gd team it was
Fast fresh and good
Do not recommend.
Food excellent and cozy
Good fast service
McDonald's is McDonald's maaan
Just like other McDonald's
Nev ate
Really nice staff
Very slow and rude
McDonald's is unhealthy food.
Very good service
O star
I did not die.
Good food and friendly
Great fast food
Good place for a meal..
Loved it
Food was hot...
Okay service
Will avoid this location.
Coffee could be better
Not friendly staff
Very poor service
Cool place
Pretty ghetto.
Its micky-D's
Great!
Best fries!
Wasn't at mcdonalds.
Terrible rude staff
It wasn't good
Small
Fast trip for kiddo
Typical
Good
Very efficient
Love it
Good
Good
Fast and convenient
Super clean
Awesome
Always fresh
Elyse is the best
Liked
Kids favorite place
Cheap love it
Pretty good
Rude
It was good
friendly service
I mean, c'mon..it's McDonald's
ýýýýýýýý ýýý
Fast and clean
Breakfast
yummy
Super slow
Slow service
Good
Convenient and fast
Bad
Good dependable
Nasty
1Q
Good breakfast
Good place!!
Way to slow
Alright
Long lines. ...
Fast service
Clean, friendly
That on by me ok
Slow service
It's McDonald's.
Fast service
Excellent 
It's McDonald's
Mac flurry wow
Nice place
It's McDonald's
It's McDonald's..
Its a McDonald's
It's McDonald's
McDonald's Sucks
McDonalds ?
I asked for two coffees, one was colder than hot, the other was hotter, but I had to wait and I parked to wait and when I got it, the woman who served it yelled at me no. I had to park in that place, okay, but it wasn't for her to yell at me, she's fat from Spain and I think she doesn't even have a boyfriend because of her bad character ï¿½ï
The place is spacious and cool, after a run or trip, a good place to rest, clean bathrooms and another variety of food at the gas station
All very well, but customer service needs to be improved (sometimes)
Terrible service at this establishment! You order so that they take it to the table but you still have to get up to pick up your order since they are laughing and laughing...
The food was very well processed, good treatment of the staff that works there.
Hahahaha. porn food
the gandons that the salafan put on the ice
I worked and they are good people there and they do their job well
ýýýýýýýýýýýý ýýý
Good place to eat something tasty
The boy from the night shift attends you badly
Alright
Attentive and fast
Posio!
Cause I find what I need
excellent breakfasts
Neutral
Beautiful
excellent
Excellent 
:( no grape chocolate chip
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Terrible
good staff
Delicious
Excellent
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Greets, good night
I'm lovin 'it!!!!
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Poor 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Terrible
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Carmel Knocks
Excellent 
Terrible
Neutral
Excellent 
Terrible
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Poor 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Terrible
Excellent 
Excellent 
Terrible
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Poor 
Good 
Poor 
Poor 
Neutral
Good 
Good 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Terrible
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Terrible
Poor 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Neutral
Poor 
Poor 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Terrible
Terrible
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Terrible
Excellent 
Excellent 
Poor 
Good 
Poor 
Excellent 
Poor 
Excellent 
Neutral
Terrible
Neutral
Poor 
Good 
Terrible
Good 
Terrible
Terrible
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Terrible
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Poor 
Good 
Excellent 
Terrible
Excellent 
Excellent 
Poor 
Terrible
Poor 
Good 
Excellent 
Terrible
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
The staff messed up my order not once, but twice, and the food was barely edible.
Neutral
Good 
Poor 
Good 
Poor 
Terrible
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Poor 
Good 
Excellent 
Terrible
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Poor 
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Terrible
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Terrible
Neutral
Neutral
Terrible
Excellent 
Neutral
Terrible
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Terrible
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Terrible
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Terrible
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Terrible
Good 
Good 
Good 
Poor 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Good 
Poor 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Poor 
Excellent 
Good 
Poor 
Neutral
Excellent 
Poor 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Poor 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Terrible
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Poor 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Terrible
Terrible
Good 
Terrible
Excellent 
Terrible
Poor 
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Poor 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Poor 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Poor 
Terrible
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Terrible
Good 
Terrible
Good 
the washroom isn   t clean, no sanitizer. Im regularly travelling some of the places. And do reviews all those things. This place i feel so bad, one of the staff not really friendly, one of the costumer i think he is visiting this location only, asking for help, but the staff always insisted him to use kiosk machine, what if the costumer don ½
Stop here only if you're desperate.  We came by late, and hardly anyone was in the restaurant, yet they were still extremely slow.  We waited about 30 minutes for 6 orders.  You order on screens instead of with a person, and the system still feels like it's in a beta mode.  On the bright side, you can get booze next door while you wait.
"Despite a good location of this McDonald   s, I find it little challenging.
Most of the time when I stop at this location after mass you can find many homeless inside even sleeping or doing wei"
Food is very low priced for McDonald's on Las Vegas Blvd. The best part is that you can use drive-thru to avoid a long walk. In the morning. the drive thru and not too crowded.
In a sea of overpriced and mediocre food within the mega corporation casinos, this humble McDonald's is a reasonably priced breath of fresh air.  Just a good ol' Mickey D's with real world prices.
Excellent working staff. Super clean dining area and kitchen. Super helpful staff, cant praise them enough. If looking for a restroom, you do Need to ask for the code and theyll let you in. We were here on a Wednesday at 1pm.
Homeless hang out inside. Food was typical. Prices are normal. I hate ordering from kiosk. There is a drive thru. It was busy, but I got my food in 4 minutes inside. Bathroom takes a key... homeless...
Placed a mobile order for pickup. Waited 15 minutes for a single burger that never got called. All of that wouldn't be so bad but when I called for a refund I was lied to by the manager that they called my order, which they did not. I stood inside for 15 minutes watching the counter to see if they had my order. So they lied and kept my money.
PLEASE CHECK YOUR TO GO ORDERS BEFORE YOU LEAVE!! I would give negative stars, if I could. I ordered a to go order, but ended up staying to eat in the dining room.  I opened my quarter pounder hamburger and it was turned upside down with all of the toppings splattered onto the box as if it was slapped in there. It literally had no top hamburger bun, and when I brought this up to the cashier she said that this is what a "quarter hamburger" was. When I asked for just a top hamburger bun at least and showed the cashier the burger she didn't even apologize or offer to remake the burger she just snatched the box out of my hands. I paid for this burger and was only asking for the bun, not making a scene or demanding anything or being rude. I had chosen to not acknowledge the mess it was because there are enough verbally abusive patrons. But all the cashier ended up doing was turn the burger right side up (no gloves) and slap an undercooked bun on it, and yell at the other adult woman at the grill about "what's missing here?". It wasn't even busy in the drive thru or the dining room. I can't pretend to know their job or lives, but I hope they aren't this effed up to every PAYING customer. I ended up asking for a refund, and not taking the burger, even this was an issue. Please beware!! I only regret not getting their names to report them. Again, not trying to be  a drama queen but I worked hard to afford this little splurge to get this slap in the face.
Pretty good. The Sprites they gave us tasted like seltzer (apparently they had  just ran out) but they made it up to us with a different soda. And their fries were hot, fresh, crisp, & salty , just the way I like them. Fyi-there's limited parking in front facing LV Boulevard but in the back there are a lot of spaces.
I ordered an egg muffin at 5:30 AM.  I was expecting a fresh one.  The bread was overly chewy so for some reason I opened it up and looked inside.   There were dark clumps of matter in which I can only presume was dead chicken fetus.
Waited 20 minutes for someone to take my order, no one ever did. They kept changing the cash drawer and taking orders from drive thru but the left a line of people inside waiting. Myself and a few other customers left after being treated like we didn't matter. Never again! Do not waste your time at this location!
Meat was undercooked and order was wrong in all of my meals. I specially asked for a refund and waited an additional 15 minutes of being ignored. They tried to remake my order and again I told them that I asked for a refund. Manager said something to the likes of    I can   t refund because you ate some of your meal   . I immediately said    oh okay just let me pull up your refund policy real quick ½
It was a ridicously long time to get my food.   There is ONLY 2 people working here.   The person at the drive-through window is having to go back and forth to take orders inside as well.   The self-serve soda fountain machines are turned off, so I have to wait until the drive-through guy eventually makes his way to the inside counter to get a re-fill.  I have never seen a fast food restaurant so under staffed.
Went with wife and daughter. Ordered 2 McDonald's and a kids meal. Took 35 mins to get food. Everyone was waiting that long and room wasn't even busy. Workers were just standing around in back bullshytting. Lady called out my number and was very rude as she just dropped bag on table..... will not be back... if you hate your job QUIT!!!
The drive through staff is very unprofessional, they leave you sitting at the speaker box waiting to place an order, they have a very rude attitude when taking your order and they act like it is an inconvenience for you to be there. This is already a very overpriced McDonald's because of the strip location. Find a better place to visit for something to eat it's not worth the hassle here.
Same as any other McDonald's except they were super busy and no one was available to take orders, if you're paying cash, for a while. One of the coffees we ordered had grounds. Food was hot and ok.
I wanted to eat McDonald's @near Mandalay Bay.. The Asian lady was so rude, I was ready to give my order to her, she says oh you're not ready and walked away, she refused to take my order not once but 2 times. She was running around like she was on meth. She looked confused so I left because she's rude.
This is the worst McDonald's I've ever been to. Not only were they slow and incompetent but also rude. They wouldn   t let me use the restroom even though I spent $50 awful customer Service. Took
This Mc Donald's was either short staff or very  unorganized. It took a while to get our order, staff looked like they were overwhelmed and people kept going back to fix their order's.
Restaurant was clean. Nothing special run of the mill McDonalds. But if your staying at one of the near by strip hotels it's a reasonable option to get a bite to eat. Plus it has a cool McDonalds sign that sparkles it's very vegas. Liquor store next door kill to birds with one stone.
"The automated kiosks are horrible.
This store is supposed to be fully automated.. but that's probably the reason why it just doesn't work.   McDonalds should really look into the process and solve it. The workers are at the mercy of inferior technology.

I go into McDonalds and am instructed to use the kiosks.

There are some that aren't working.. some that are working.  A customer instructs me not to use the one I'm facing because it's broken.  Instead.. I use the one on the other side.

The process of ordering on the kiosk is slow and cumbersome.  I have a coupon which I wanted to use.  I first add the item.. then scan the coupon.. VOILA... double order.  Okay.. my bad for not understanding the system.  So now I have to remove the item... I add another item.. and it takes me to the cart for some reason and says ""Is this all I want?""

So I add some more things and finalize my order.  I try to check out, but I have no way to edit my order to select to go.  Okay.. no big deal.. I'll just choose a table... and VOILA.. ERROR.. Please see a cashier.

I talk to the McDonalds attendant and he tells me that he could find my order and that I can pay up front.

During this time.. I see and here about 3-4 people sadly yelling at the McDonalds workers for messing up (really.. it's this automated system that doesn't work... not the people.)

McNuggets were okay.  They were warm.. but were on the verge of being dry.
Fries were okay... looked like they were out for awhile.. (and they didn't fill it to the top).
Soda... this was good.

I felt bad for the workers here since it seems the biggest issue is problems with the kiosks and how orders are sent over to workers."
First time visiting this McDonald's location. The staff was nice, the food was good. Service was fine for a fast food place. Nothing phenomenal or out of the ordinary to report. Pricing feels amazing compared to the Mandalay Bay Convention Center's (across the street prices) for their food.
This Macdonalds fell short on a good quality customer service, their staff was very rude to us and a few other customers on our day of visit, they messed up on our order and we ended up eating 30 mins apart to my wife, I was so disappointed. Place was clean and you had to ask for a key to go into the restrooms, we were in Vegas for vacations and we stayed at m ½ndalay so this was the closest one to us, the 3rd day we wanted Macdonalds again and we decided to drive 15 mins 
On its best day this place is Hella slow!  They should go back to the counter system cuz using the kiosk is the worst!
One of the thing i regret doing is not looking at reviews. Went through the drive thru at 1 am. No one was in line. Food was horrible. Some fries were soaked in grease and were cold stale. Nuggets were way too under cooked it was cold. Find another McD's and only use this if its an absolutely LAST resort to eating!
Not actually 24hrs. Depends on if the employees want to have the store open. They denied us service and everyone else that pulled in line. Corporate mcdonalds, im sure this isnt the only location like this. Big waste of time.
Waited 30 minutes for my breakfast order. I wish I could give them 'zero" stars. Owner needs to hire more employees.
"One and half hour for burger in drive line. Disaster and disappointed. Few cars before me but took forever.
I saw all bed reviews but nobody cares probably.  Prices so high,  quality so low and bad service."
If I could gives this place 1 star I would. Dawg I get it it   s McDonald   s but how do
If you are looking for something to eat on the way out of town, avoid this McDonalds like the plague. Diet Coke had no carbonation, and the food tasted absolutely vile. Tasted nothing like McDonalds is supposed to taste like. Maybe try the McDonalds in Primm instead.
First time using the touch screen ordering system. Pretty easy. Manager/ supervisor seemed to have an off-putting attitude. A smile goes a long way. Food was hot and fresh and correct.
The worst customer service ever drive-thru horrible line is ridiculously long out of sweet tea they have no mention on the menu trash is run over outside trash bags sitting on tables it just messy and it's nasty attention GM attention corporate attention someone needs to get out here and check on this property it's horrible they should shut this McDonald's down
Food was better than most other McDonalds; fries fresh, hot, well seasoned and mcchicken was crispy. Tasted really good!
"Worst experience ever we was waiting for 40 min for our order...
I totally understand you guys are under staff

i get it,

but no even apologized for given  the wrong order
Caroline o wherever name was the supervisor on duty was rude and upset because she said they made the order and understood mkstakes happens it

You guys need to ask for the tickets that helps alot to prevent this kind of mistakes
Also please put a sign if you guys are not droping the food to the table so we know we have to wait for the food at the counter

Very disappointed breakfast"
"Walked All the way from Luxor for dinner and before food I always used the restroom But there was RESTROOM AND IT WAS OUT OF ORDER
Come on McDonald's
Please Fix it
Thank You!!"
The sign says they open at 5 am for lobby but it ½ï
They charge more for the same food because it's on the strip. I never understood that. But the food and the service were great at the drive thru!
"Typical McD's... Food is exactly what you'd expect. Same with the service.
Atmosphere was a little unusual, but it's Vegas."
My pattie was undercooked after waiting 15 min in the drive thru your employees are in there playing games an playing with people's food don't go here
Luisa, the manager is great. She resolved an issue & went above & beyond what she was expected to do. Thanks for everything.
Just barely passable McDonald's but still somehow the best breakfast we were able to find in LV.
"The lady that served us un very unwelcoming grunt at me then at my wife when asked for the key to open toilet,

Hash brown was cold, pancakes were hard and cold, hot chocolate luke warm no lights were in outside the building,  altogether a very disappointing visit"
The staff was polite, but absolutely everything else about the experience was awful. My simple order had multiple mistakes and there seem to be an almost comical line of people who were missing hash browns from their orders. The entire dining room was disgusting.  Not that it's their fault, but there was a homeless man in front of the store that looked to be on the verge of vomiting and or dying.   This was like 8:00 a.m. on a tuesday, so I assumed they were short staffed if it was that dirty at that hour. One of my two sandwiches and both of my hash browns, once I visually got them, were good.
The manager was very unprofessional the customer is supposed to be right but her ignorance to the customer's needs got the best of her  
Consistently the worst McDonald   s I   ve ever been to. I work nearby unfortun
"Very low staffed
One meal took forever 25 minute to get ready!
Please hire more people!"
These people are nice. Quick service. I enjoyed my time here. The staff are repectful and colorful. Very vibrant crew. Clean and respectfully kept up to par. Keep it up please. This is the service you never expect but never regret. Thanks. Next time I come back to vegas I'll be back.
It   s staid ope
The service is friendly but the entire place feels barren. I thought it was closed. Didn   t have the main door open, screens were down, 
I am loving the comment by the guy below who comes here after mass but gets upset at the all homeless people. Irony is not dead  ½ï¿½ï¿½ï
Fix your hours on google! It is NOT open 24 hours. We went at 12 and it was closed along with the subway.
Waited about half an hour for my food. Never been at such a slow McDonaldï¿½ï¿
"It is a McDonald's, what do you expect?  I could write endlessly of minute details relating to cleanliness and quality of staff, product etc, but it really wouldn't be of any value.

Truly, of all of the McDonalds I have ever been to, this is most certainly one of them.

Not gourmet but you won't die."
"Worst McDonald   s experience ever. Ordered 3 burgers and fries. Took them 25 mins to serve my order. Other customers were even waiting for more than 30 mins. Also there were no paper napkins available in the restaurant.
The kitchen crew is "
Most incompetent McDonald's I've ever been to. Service is incredibly slow. Orders are constantly messed up. Always out of ice cream. Homeless girl inside asking all the patrons for money.
Nikita has no customer service she tossed my food on the counter. She is rude and un professional.
Parking is difficult but other than that, it's McDonald's. The fries will always be the best.
Unique,Andrew, had amazing customer service, and my food came out fresh.
This McDonald's location refused to give me a water cup for my small dog. Even when I offered to buy one they upped the price compared to other locations I normally visit. I can see where their are standards at this location.
Th QP toke them long enough to make and then it was really dry.
Tried there mc latte coffee, asked for iced one, gave me hot and didn't want to replace it.  The coffee was too sweet and not good tasting, overall, probably wont take again mc coffee, customer service in this location can get better.
One of the strangest washroom attendants I have ever met, showed real disdain when I asked to use the bathroom.
This location deserves a zero star rating. Please don't go here. Even if you're starving to death. I wanted 1 hour and 20 mins for 2 combos and 2 extra Sandwiches. Ironically, as much as the wait was bad, it was the attitude of some of the team members that made this experience extremely terrible. McDonald's corporate really needs to come here and train thestaff for hospitality. This location is a disgrace to what Donald's has boult over the years
Went last evening. Not hardly any business, and was helped quickly. SUPER friendly and great service, which gets this two stars (Hey - it   s McDonald   s. It wouldn   t get above four stars even if it was perfect for a McDonald   s meal, lol. Just not that good). The issue was the OJ and apple fritters. I don   t love spending $4 f
This subway is closed after 3:00 am  I'm here right now it's Thursday Jan 26 /2023 and no one is here it says 24 hrs that's a lie ...
Ordered 4 drinks which took 30 minutes just to make 4 drinks. Once we got the drinks the iced hazelnut latte with less ice was more than an inch empty from the top in a medium and it was so sweet it made me feel nauseous. And when asking to fix it they said that's how it comes and didn't even apologize even though I've had this many times and it's never tasted like this EVER. We also got a Carmel frappe with Oreo topping and an espresso shot; once we got it it didn't have any Oreo or espresso.
Always an issue with the app here. Entrance from the street is very dangerous for those of us that come from the back around the building from the side street (then you cross in front of driveway to parking lot for other businesses on the way to drive thru). This time as I   m trying to pull-up to the entrance of drive thru, by the speaker, a white truck came in and didn ½ï
Called to complain about the utter mess of an order I received. Out of 4 sandwiches they were all wrong. Not edible to my family. I am handicapped with the use of only one leg and this restaurant was the closest I was able to walk to.  During the phone call the manager wanted me to walk back to the restaurant to handle the situation. I just asked for a refund and she said no cant do that walk back. I would like my refund and she should be fired.
Waited 20 minutes in the drive thru and never made it to put my order in so I got the cars behind me to let me out of line!
Boca Park McDonald's is by far the best McDonald's in the Las Vegas Valley. The staff not only keeps the place spotless, they truly care about the customers. They let you charge your phone if you need to. They have fresh flowers on some of the tables, and of course a play area for children.
12 minutes to get 3 cars out of the drive thru line. When all the cars needed to be told was please pull around to expedite speed of service. I left without eating because of time.
The kiosks are always breaking down and the cashiers don't like to place orders on the register. Besides the very poor customer service there are unfortunately alot of homeless people and junkies here that sometimes get violent and steal. I had my laptop stolen from this place. I reported it to the manager on duty since I sat in front of a camera but was not helped at all. Stay away from this place
They are way under staffed but staff that is there is awesome.
Eating McDonald's burgers in the United States is the worst time, because the chicken inside has been fried repeatedly, and it has reached the point where it can hardly be chewed
The food was hot and fresh but i could not wash my hands. The manager and crew was like the bathroom dirty so you cant use it yet no one went to clean it. They offered some sanitizer wipes but you cant sanitize nothing thats not clean.Had to eat my food with a paper towel.
"The food was horrible. Didn't bring our food to us like the kiosk said they do. We had to go get it. Meat on the big Mac were super thin and chunks of meat missing. We brought to they're attention and they made a new ono which had cracks through the meat and way too much lettuce. Dry too.
Never again will I go there and not recommend going there."
Not open on the inside and it's 518am second McDonald's this morning still not open
"Lots of homeless people in the restaurant
Sleeping at the tables
Food was ok"
Shady area but food was okay. Locks on the bathrooms so you have to get an employee to open for you. Understandable I guess considering the location.
Why is it closed while it says open 24h??? Wasting my time and my gas!
Clean environment, fast and finally service, I really like the decor and style of the place. Cheap food in a ridiculously expensive City
Very busy and took a while to get food. Many homeless in and around
5 days in a row, not serving shakes!!! Please tell me why?!?! Especially since it   s the only item on the menu that this location canï
We was on holiday and stayed in the hotel opposite called the mandalay bay hotel on a room only basis (as is all USA hotels as far as I know) so for breakfast I nipped across the road (now that's a fun thing to do as they drive on the wrong side of the road!!!) The service was great albeit the staff was run off there feet most of the time (McDonald's get a fre more staff in as they need it in this place) food was as expected only one time did I get my coffee fix without any milk but it was OK
Not 24h walked from my hotel just for the restaurant to be closed at 10:45pm.
They didn't give sauces took too long and they cursed a lot
Walked across the street from the Mandalay bay. Trying to get a quick inexpensive bite. Got there and it looked like it was closed. A guy in front says you can use the drive thru. (No car) A guy came out and said to use the side door. Went in and no person at the counter.  Figured out you have to order from a kiosk. Then trying to order on kiosk , people inside say just enter 111 as the umbrella? I guess that's the table you are sitting at. I guess I need to know the system.
The worst place ever. More than 1 hour to get only one burger.
Slowest mcdonalds I've ever been to.  Been 30 minutes and food still hasn't come.
It was stressful watching everyone and everything. The lady ordering a frappuccino and getting mad that they don't have frappuccinos seemed like a person I would never want to be friends with. Felt sorry for the guy working the register for having to deal with that angry, demanding bag. But the food was good.
Not open 24/7. Worst ever
I never rate McDonald   s because most of the time they are pretty consistent. 3-5 starts but this one deserves a 0 stars, staff is extremely incompetent
Worst McDonald visited, missing a lot of items and very bad service. Avoid this store
Worst McDonald's I've ever been to. Breakfast burritos were hard, like they'd been on a warmer for days. The TV menus were not working right and you had to get someone to unlock the bathrooms. Toilet paper wasn't in the holder and there were no paper towels.
Ok  
Worst McDonald's ever. None at the front counter so we were forced to use the one working kiosk. Had to show the person in front of us how to use it. We ordered two happy meals. No receipt was provided. We were asked to sit outside to wait for our food. When our order was complete it was left on the pickup counter without notification. Order was missing fries and the person we finally tracked down said we needed a receipt. Absolutely rediculous.
25 minutes of awaiting for order because staff only serves Drive Through line?!?! In such busy location like this one they should change management for one who will be able to organize work there in proper way.
Out of many items, customer service not so good.  
Waited 15 mins for a quarter pounder only.
"Ordered a meal with a drink, drink never came.
People working there look like they were dead inside.
You cant get a receipt.
Lots of homeless and junkies around. Extremely sketchy."
They only had a couple of working kiosks but you can also order at the cashier. The service is fast and my food came out fresh. A few of the drinks had run out but there was still a good variety.
Even with the shockingly low bar McDonald's has set, this particular location fails to meet even that expectation. It feels post apocalyptic in here. All doors except one are locked but not marked. The floor doesn't look like it's been cleaned in weeks. My shoes stuck to the floor so strongly that one pulled off. To top it all off, the staff were rude to several customers who were confused by the disabled ordering systems.
"What is it with McDonalds? I made an a order the cashier made a mistake told me to drive around again!

I spoke to the Manager he waived the fee on the mix up of menu then we sat outside 15 minutes in Las Vegas heat waiting for the food.

This place may be good for a walk in not drive through.

It   s a simple order how are is it to get it right.

2 stars due to waiv"
"I will never go back this store again.
Place mobile order for one ice coffee ONLY at 11 am, wait for 30 min then tell you they don   t  have it in system. After I show email receipt, they go back counter to check 3 times and finally say they found it (on the floor or what?) then another 15 waiting for nothing. Cashier keep saying    I got other customer   ,    we are working on your order ½ï"
The only reason I am giving a 5 star is because the gentleman who was sweeping the floor n trying to keep the place clean was the hardest worker caring individual in the whole place. Thank you n God bless
Worst McDonald's I have ever been to. Waited 45 minutes for my food and when I finally got it was the wrong order. Vanessa the manager was cursing and the  employees also. Told me that I needed my receipt to get a refund. The drive thru never gave me a receipt. Told me they were short staffed. Worst place to eat in Las Vegas
Only eat here if you   re desperate for some cheap fast food
"McDonald's    McDonald's    ½, Kentucky Fried Chicken    & a Pizza Hut    !

McDonald's    McDonald's "
"world worst Mcdonald ever.
I've been travelling around the world
but this is the worst.
Staffs not kind.
I ordered shakes but taste sucks so I throw it away."
Very slow and poorly run store. Has potential to be a great location with great profits. But the management is horrid and help is not helpful and pretty much hasn't clue on what is going on. Ordering takes for ever and food even longer.
GROSS. DIRTY AS HELL. Every hand sanitizer pump was empty there was trash all over the dining area and I waited 20 min for a 4pc nuggets and Mcchicken. Food tasted like it was cooked in burnt oil i threw it out... Waste of time and money.
Slow and food 2nd rate compared to other McDonald's
I was charged extra for an additional pad of butter and an extra syrup for my pancakes.  They never give enough butter or syrup so I ordered more and was charged more.  That wouldn't be a problem except I didn't get much more.  Then, they didn't fill my cup of orange juice.  It was just a bit more than 3/4 full.  Otherwise, it was very tasty!
Waiting an hour just for one sandwich. What a joke
This place is an asylum. If you   re looking one flew meets mad max, this your place. It ½ï
This location is a scam, half the items were either missing, or incorrect, and the bread on the burgers with steel, everything was thrown to the garbage. Shame on you Lazy bums
Not exactly this places fault. Due to measures against covid, only one group of customers are allowed at a time, while ordering inside the building. Otherwise, it's a good McDonald's.
Two girls at the window were very rude to us and our kids. They asked us to pull around the building but usually if there's no one behind us we say "we'd like to wait here please" We know it's all about their timer and restarting it so they say "look at how fast we got them out"  usually when there's no other car behind us other fast food places say ok but one of the girls at the window kept yelling at us to move. Go to a different one.
"Not only am I not a big fan of fast food joints but I'm absolutely opposed to filth in any restaurant.
And filth is what I experienced at this McDonald's.
The staff who waited on us was nice, accommodating, and quick, and the food adequate; but the restaurant itself had empty sugar and creamer packs laying everywhere. Reason being, there as no place to throw them away.
So, I am advising you to avoid this McDonald's!"
They forgot my apple slices, but still charged me. we literally only ordered 8 hashbrowns 3 soft drinks and my apples... it was not a hard order at all. And I didn't notice till we got back to our hotel, because you know you can't eat indoors or even outside.
Quick service. Burgers were barely hot??? A lot of aggressive homeless people in the area. A woman approached my son and I while we were dining inside and asked, "Would you mind sharing some chicken?" Nope. Never Again!
"We visited this McDonald's around 3 weeks ago just for 2 drinks after visiting the welcome to Vegas sign. I was surprised how clean the place was fresh flowers on the tables, service was quick and friendly even though there was a queue.
Hot a caramel frappuccino and a strawberry milkshake both came beautifully presented.
Can't say a bad thing about this store keep up the good work guys 5*  ½ï¿½ï¿½ï"
Poor and rude customer service!! "Manager" needs to work on her customer service skills. She wanted to charge me extra for a medium iced coffee when the phone app deal clearly says "$0.99 any size coffee premium or iced." Future customers,  your patience will be tested at this location.
Who thinks of reviewing a fast food place?  Well if you receive outstanding service from a teenager working hard then the establishment and all the employees deserve a 5-star rating. Not only did the employee flawlessly do his job. He took the time to observe my car while in the drive thru to tell me my tire was going flat. We all know that could have been disastrous had I kept going. Great job!
I got a value meal hamburgers were very dry,no condiments on the bun. fries were not cooked all the way still frozen. The Coca-Cola was flat. I don't expect gourmet just a little bit better quality.
Not the best experience. Manager was very rude and didn't rectify the situation, which ultimately ended up being a customer service and quality of product issue. She could have easily made it right but failed to do so. I will no longer visit this McDonalds and I urge others to avoid it like the plague. There are plenty of other fast food restaurants in the area that are worth visiting.
Lovely staff and amazingly quick service for my big order. Impressive quality and great nuggets with sizzling hot fries. The place is big enough and very clean. However, I noticed the pop machine wasn't working properly and spills cock around which needed a look. Good experience overall.
Alot of homeless around the area, probably why they walk you to the bathroom and punch in the code for you.
We wait 30 min and they still forgot our drinks and the still didn   t give us all the drinks we decided to leave without our iced coffee and large coke because they were taking for ever also when we tell him we were missing some drinks he throw the straws inside our car worst 
After ordering my food and waiting for over 10 minutes to get it. Coffee was luke warm, I went back to get fresh cup and I was handed a cup that had been sitting on the counter. I told the young lady that it wasn't hot either and she said that it was the normal temperature of their coffee. I finally got her to pour me a fresh hot cup. This is definitely not the place to go to for 'fast food'.
Cashier I believe name is Mike.  Was made because i order fresh french fries.  So 1st he gave me old cold fries.  When i expressed that i asked for fresh fries and after the supervisor said upgrade me to a large, he brought a small skimpy bag so i asked for the supervisor.  Instead he pour a Ton of salt on the next fries he brought out.  Sad.
Worse service ever. Waited for 15 minutes in line got to the menu to order at 1025. The lady taking our said she will be right with us came back to take our order at 1029. We tried to order breakfast and she told us they are not serving breakfast. Granted the menu outside still showed breakfast. She tells us they are only serving lunch. We told her we had been there before 1030. She says sorry I can   t sell breakfast to you and then says we can talk to the manager. Pulled up to talk to the manager she was rude and said they ran out of breakfast. At 1028 we said ok we were at the menu at 1025. She then said I don   t know what to tell you we ran out of breakfast. Shut the window on us. We were going to order lunch but she didnï¿½ï¿½
The screens have been like this for weeks now
Half the kiosks worked. Of course they didn't have ice cream. But the lady who was working was very nice.
Slow, rude, disgusting sticky tables inside the lobby. You'd think you were ordering in a third world country not the Las Vegas strip. Ronald would be disappointed!!
The dinner room is closed.  The drive thru is open but if you order inside at the counter you must take your food outside and you can eat on the curb surrounded by the homeless.  Even the outdoor seating area is closed off.  What a sad state of affairs.
A very nice place. You can feel at ease and enjoy quality time with your family and friends.
Very slow to take your orders and when you get it, it taste like it was yesterday ½ï¿½
no free refill at this Mc Donald, you have to ask the stuff (!!!) - just one refill is possible, restrooms are closed
For 6am, the staff was pleasant, the service was fast, & I even used the self ordering kiosk.l Where it's at, there is no lack of homeless & panhandling, so if you need the restroom, an employee will let you in, and don't be surprised if it is below standards, or seeing someone sleeping at a booth. On a brighter note... The line at the drive-thru window moves swiftly, and there is a bus stop along the sidewalk, for the North bound Las Vegas Strip bus.
Clearly said I wanted a drink but the cashier did not ring it up. When I asked about my drink they kindly gave me one for free regardless. Great service but normally has a line since it's the south strip spot.
So busy we had to wait 30 minutes for our food! Yet I have never seen a more efficient food production line. They were serving numbers already in the 900s when we arrived at 11am! Very clean,  courteous.
This was one of the worst McDonald's that I've ever been to. I went to the one on Warm Springs and Las Vegas Blvd, the customer service was excellent, they greeted us and made us feel like they cared. We Sked for no onions, we got just that. Our fries were fresh and hot. We wanted more and our tea was watery as we has already started down the Blvd, we went to the next McDonald's that we saw. We ordered fries and a double cheeseburger with no onions. We pulled up to the pay window and asked if we could trade the sweet tea and showed our receipt, the lady told us to ask at the next window, we pay and pull forward. The next person says no we dont do that, I asked for a supv, she explained to me that the other was a franchise and they are corporate. I accepted that. My fries were stale and my burger has onions. I sent them back, they then tasted like they redropped the same fries in the chicken nugget oil. I will never go there again.
Worst mc Donald's I was ever in employee constantly shouting out numbers to collect food, rude too, only mc Donald's I've been in where that is done
Exactly what you'd expect from a McDonald's minus the speed which is disappointing for fast food. We went during what seemed to be rush hour but there was only a skeleton crew on and a single server. We waited for 40 minutes for our food and some of it came cold.. i dont even know how that happens. Definitely not impressed by the service
First time at this location.  The drive thru young lady was so sweet and had great communicating skills when she took my order and when she took my payment. The lady at the next window, who gave me my food was very friendly too. Great staff! At first I didn't want to got to a Mcds in the strip but I'm glad I did! Thank you guys!
It smelled like a dead body in there. Filthy floors, meth heads laying on the sidewalk outside. The food was vile and disgusting, I threw it out the window within a block and it was still there the next morning. It's pretty bad when racoons and homeless meth heads won't even eat it.
Don't bother using mobile app. You will wait in line.  Doors locked and no signs telling you lobby closed.  Manager making excuses claiming there is notice, 20+ people count find one.  Needs to be fired for lying .   We visited 4/1 @ 9:55am and parking lot was full of people trying to get into store tugging on doors wondering what is going on.
"All around the inside is Fair. but need to check air vents its dirty. All Soda Machine need to be constantly  watched because  when its busy it gets nasty and dirty .. floor looks clean but need more cleaning. and the windows all around need to be cleaned, and of course the frame.

Very Impressive One As far as the overall look.

Managers and Staff need to be reminded and or trained that a Franchise who really depends on Customers to have more happy people to come to visit and eat here.

Customer Service is Very Poor. Your Cashier Staff or Front Staff is not following their training. And why is it I walk in and I was stared by your staff and like they don't like to be friendly and all showing , how great and wonderful to have a job ..that lets you interact with people ..This is one of the most questioned part of Hiring. Are a People Person? Are good or happy to be around People. ETC.,

The Outside Area is good , Actually better than good.

Food is very good , but prepared Sloppy on my tray and the way it was wrap and coffee I have to dump some because they fill it to the top. I mean they can save a lot of coffee expense and time making sure ask the customer if they want it fill to the top or not...

So, you have good location ,, ok dining area , staff not satisfied, not customer service oriented plus the Manager is he or she really watching the staff and or helping to correct any discrepancies or problems?

This is THE MC DONALD WHO GENERATE  a lot of the revenue because of its best quality fast food deals and environment ...and GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE."
Poor customer service and  management. Our orders were incomplete, we asked staff to help us with the missing orders but it took 3 staff to confirm including the lady manager ( i think her name us caroline) before we get our orders completed. We have not received any apologies from staff and manager told us that we   re disturbing her break. Very defensive and sassy manager. Ma
This McDonald's is okay is located right next to Harrah's Casino convenient but the sweet tea was not really that sweet they don't really do bundle deals I'm from the south. I had to wait over 20 minutes for my 20 piece and another lady next to me was waiting on hers it wasn't the cashier's fault but her back crew never drop them but overall I like the McDonald's like I said it's okay
This place completely ignores the folks that come inside. They will focus on the Drive thru and that's it. Don't expect much from Macdonalds to start with but this REALLY lowered the bar
As McDonald's goes it was that. However the food genuinely looked like the picture. It was clearly made to order. Wish I could've used the restrooms. I guess they didn't know that you can block off every other sink, urinal, stall or whatever. It was the last free standing McDonald's with parking southbound from Vegas. Bottom of Vegas Blvd.
"The lady in front of me had a coupon for an ice coffee or something and the order taker thought it was for a regular coffee. So the manager comes over and tells the lady she needs to pay an extra dollar to get the ice coffee  The lady customer then shows her the coupon which must have made the manager mad because she sternly tells the order taker to give her her ice coffee .

Then she rudely tells everyone in line to go use the kiosk  that they'll no longer take orders the normal way.
I'd already stood in line almost 10 minutes and was next but that didn't matter.

Ever since they changed this McDonald's around a couple of months ago and got new management the service, to me, has been terrible, which really sucks because for over 2 years now this is where I mostly take my breaks.
After tonight I will no longer buy food from the McDonald's on the Strip at four seasons."
Longest line. Taking one car order and pick up at a time and the people are so irritating. Ask for an original ice coffee like it says on the menu and they said     ahh what   s that. ½ï¿
One of the worst MC D I have even been. The place was not clean and the server messed up our order.
One of the worst run McDonalds. Chaos inside. The order kiosks were only partially working, long wait times and at least 4 people had problems with their orders. Needs a lot of attention.
Everything about this location does not work.! Tourist towm. 2 drive-thru lane that become 1 lane. Line backs up into rest of parking lot blocking parked cars at other businesses and entry driveway. Messy. Food was as expected
Unusual McDonalds, restroom closed, but available with a key for selected visitors. Drive through only, but you can still order from self-order digital screen. Location is indeed hard to reach if you don't drive
McDonalds is always our go to place. Your welcomed by friendly staff. You know what your getting before venturing in. They offer everything from standard to a healthy menu. I like how they are more modern in there decor. McDonalds stands behind the quality and standards of there food. The only restaurant I know of that will refund or replace items.
Very poor toilet was locked dirty
Hot fresh breakfast and coffee. Easy to walk to from the shout Four Seasons, Mandalay, and the Delano. It 
"New years day at 2am. So one of the busiest nights of the year. All the kiosks are closed. All the tills are closed and they are taking orders by hand.

Specials on the menu are claimed they are not being offered by management.

Very poor service."
Ordered a chicken biscuit in the app. Went in and was given a spicy one instead. Told them I didn   t order that. Was told,    it ½ï
Good Quick Lunch Spot
I'm giving 2 starts because we went there last week and was hard to order our food, using the machine they have, some are not working, the security guy didn't help, few workers only, took us a while to wait for our food, also you can't eat inside only outside and the tables they have outside doesn't have enough shade, with those high temperatures and eat outside is not recommended, I will recommend them if they are not allowing to eat inside a least shade the table outside.
I was very disappointed with my visit there, everything was a shambles from the moment we went in orders not processed properly didn't think anyone was taking charge on a good note when the food come it was good.
Was on vacation and location was very convenient... Over all nice and clean and great customer service...Ordered the spicy ckn sandwiches(4 to be exact) and NOTHING like back home.. Overcooked with a pinch of sauce.. Burnt and dry as the desert.. Definitely would've said something if I was dining in.. I visited 2 more times before I left.. Didn't complain about ckn sandwiches and ordered different food it was just OK... Must say they are stingy with sauce
Worst experience at a McDonald   s I   ve ever had took 40 mins to get our food only cause I complained if I di
Asked to pull forward in drive thru to back and they   ll bring me my food. Car already there waiting and another follows me. Zero places to park so we are blocking the lot and cars can   t drive through. After 5 minutes I drive back through the drive thru. 10 minutes to get back to the second window. Ask the manager why they are sending people back with no places to park. She has no answer, just says sorry. Ask her why line is moving so slow, suggest as a manager she should go fix whatever the delay is. She says it ½ï
We have eaten here several times over the weekend and it's definitely the best McDonald's I've ever been too. The food was great, the service was stellar. Night and day shifts.Highly recommend!!
Slowest McDonald's on the strip waited 17 minutes for 2 mcdoubles and a small fry and gave me a attitude
"Been hear for 10min and no one has come out to help me!
Then they took the order of the person who was in front of us then walked away"
Great service. One rude employee seemly didn't want to perform her job duties.
Evening visit. Very friendly employees. Large & clean dining room. Food was good quality. They took the tea dispensers to the back. I asked for a refill and they happily obliged. I will return. Thank you!
The worst McDonald's in Am
worst experience ever :( it's fast food I only ordered 5 ice creams and we've waited more than 30 minutes. horrible
We used drive-thru in the late evening hours. Service was time efficient, food was good. Fench fries were fresh and delicious. It just hit the spot on that late evening as  we headed to our hotel. Five stars!!! 
It was dirty and spills on the floor were still there after I ate. The tables were dirty and the workers there were rude to other customers. THEY WERE VERY RUDE!!!
Waited 30 min in the drive through and did not even move. Rude cashier and no salt even on fries. Lol and they want to make $15 an hour! Comical
drive thru slow af! Had to repeat myself 3x thru mic, at the window, waited another 5 min! Not even busy neither!
Where do I freaking start? Maybe at the $33.57 for a Big Mac, Double Quarter Pounder and a Large Fry. Oops yes they forgot the cheese and if that's not enough it was cold. Keep your money and starve.
Ordered from the kiosk. No receipt printed. Asked for a receipt and the staff is so incompetent that no one could generate one, and refused to simply hand write one stating that they did not know what I had ordered (it was in the bag I was holding!)
Deceptive pricing! FTC Violation.  Menu says add drink to the bundle for $1.00, but they charged $1.69 manager would not honor menu price in violation of Federal law. Bathrooms out of order. They were making people order on the kiosk only, and calling out the table numbers instead of delivering the food to tables.
Employees are rude, nothing was made after I placed my order online 30 minutes before. went through the drive thru and they didn't even know how to process the order through the app.
Great as always , cheap and cheerful
Since it's on the strip, prices are more expensive for example the $1 drink is like 1.89, they are multiple McDonalds within 2 miles that have regular pricing. Some of the staff seems to not have all of it down pact, had to wait several minutes for them to correctly enter no onions no pickles on the sandwhich.
I'm staying at the Mandalay Bay hotel. My wife my wife's friend and I got sick of paying $100 total each meal so we decided to slum it and go to McDonald's.  Can't beat $30 total that includes ice cream. I think I paid $25 for a single Margarita daiquiri poolside.  It was clean, service was prompt and it wasn't too crowded.  You get what you expect at McDonald's and that's all you're asking for.  Cheap fast good tasting food.  So if you're staying at the Mandalay Bay hotel and you're looking for something cheap take the 5 minute walk and head over to McDonald's.  You will only feel a little guilty.
I've been in places in 3rd world countries cleaner than this. But I will say the food taste normal. If your at Mandalay bay and nothing else is open it's an option but I wont go hear again. Hopefully I dont get hepatitis.
Clean store with good food for a McDonalds.  Problem is the service.  They have technology for kiosk ordering and delivery to the table, but then were yelling at customers because they didnt realize that they were "too busy for table service" and weren't ready to pick up the orders at the counter.  Poor form.
Very busy and understaffed, and they are doing a great job! Food was hot and the staff was amazing and polite under pressure. A+++!!
Located outside the downtown and close to Las Vegas Sign, offers some vintage atmosphere.
Came at 2am and the chicken nuggets tasted stale. Had likely been sitting there for awhile. I wouldn't have minded waiting longer for a fresh batch, but perhaps they were expecting a rush and wanted to get rid of old food.
Used kiosk to place order and was delivered quickly even with a wrap around line at drive thru. Great service.
First time in a McDonald's in Las Vegas had to travel to the far south end of the strip... It's nice despite it being more remote. Stopped in on my way to the famous Las Vegas sign, it's clean good service despite it being Thanksgiving morning. Its a good place to come before you get to the hairy crazy part of the Las Vegas strip.
One car in front of me , they order big mac meal, 17 mins to get it. Worst customer service ever
Horrible customer service, made a mistake on my order and would not fix or refund the wrong charge. All I ordered were drinks and ice water!! Drive down the road to a different McDonald ½ï¿½
Oh how I MISSED "The green Chile" on double cheese burgers     ½ï¿½"Double Green Chile cheese burgers!     A hamburger was like $10+ but not McDonald's! World W
Food , service and price was great,  gave 4 stars because you have to go to the register and get a pin code to get in the restroom,. I didn't have time to wait in line to get the code. Other then that everyone was very mice and great service
Service sucked old people shouldn't be directed to a computer to place there order evey thing doesn't have to be automated does it older Americans made Micky D's what is today so show some respect my money is green and so is my debit card bye have a nice day ps what ever happened to service with a smile
I was looking for some cheap food and found this within walking distance of the end of the strip. Not crazy busy and pretty clean. The service is pretty quick and clean restrooms. The prices aren ½ï¿½ï
The widow attendant didn't greet us or make eye contact, simply gave me the amount due. She gave us our order and didn't say bye or thank you. The worst part of all was that it was the manager or one of the managers. Thursday night,  approximately 10pm.
3 stars because the location looks rundown. Also, they only gave us 1 napkin for everything we ordered. Other customers were complaining about the same thing.
Prices are too high just because they're on the Strip you don't have to double your prices personally I think it's ridiculous why rip everyone off , just cuz you're on the Strip , yeah I know rent is more expensive , But you get so much more traffic so many more customers. It goes hand-in-hand
The asian lady tried her best but ahe has very poor staff that provide horrible service. The big tall black lady cut me off while I was ordering at the window and made me come inside and the white girl with purple hair rolled her eyes at every customer who came in contact with her. The place was filthy. My chicken sandwich has a hole in it! Not a good place to eat. Do not eat here!
81584 for the potty room love ya
We used the drive thru to get coffee...they don't sell decaf?! At all....ever?! Strange...I can't have caffeine so I was out of luck and had to stop at a gas station.
"Your trash employees have the store closed at 4pm in the afternoon.

Fire the afternoon crew for today"
Priced for thr Strip... The Manager needs to not yell at the employees in front of the customers. Wow... Nice ladies who work there. Have some respect from management. Went around 11:30 am on Friday.
"It was McDonald's. You know what you're going there for and it is always quick and acceptable.

If you are expecting a linen table cloth and candles you are in the wrong place. If you are expecting quality food at a good price and rapidly - you found McDonald's!"
The big 0 rating . People are very rude and my uber eats order was not even placed. Waiting 15 minutes already and still waiting. I truly wish I could post pics here because the store is FILTHY AND YES I TOOK PICS FOR DIRTY DINING. EVERY TIME I COME IN HERE IT'S GROSS .
There was not a long wait in the drive thru but the food was cold and stale.   Fries un salted and cold fish sandwich was dry and sad.   Will not be going back
Very long wait for food.. coffee not made the usual way. Cashier did his best to be courteous but without correct leadership that is best we will get!
"Standard McDonald's food except I notice they give half the bacon that other McDonalds I've been to, with hotcakes. It's a convenient walk from Mandalay Bay when you're just tired of spending a ton of money and waiting in line for a mediocre breakfast at the hotel.

The ice coffee is very weak so stick to hot coffee if you need the caffeine boost.

The bathrooms are locked so you'll have to ask for a key."
For a McDonald's... this was the best experience I've had and the food was fresh, fast, not sloppy, accurate, staff was awesome. I mean it's fast food and a McDonald's of all things but... It was good enough I had to review it.
Not everything is overpriced in Las Vegas. Sometimes there is nothing better than a McDonald's. You know what you get and how much it is going to cost
This McDonalds location is okay. The food is always tastes great! I like how they have WiFi here. So I was able to eat and get my work done. The staff here are nice! I like this environment and commend this place.
It's been a long time since I have received the attitude I did when I asked for the coke I had ordered but did not receive. Hopefully this is not a regular example of behavior for this location.
Fast service, online order pickup was prompt and ready to go upon arrival. Open late [early] and walking distance from Mandalay Bay. Only restaurant open besides Subway during twilight hours in the area.
Manager Vanessa was the rudest person I have ever met. She was cursing at customers. This place needs new management.  Very disrespectful.
Everything was good except kiosk ordering.  Must use credit card, and if you have not used there kiosks it is a bit confusing.
Kinda dirty, kinda sketchy, there was a homeless guy shouting at random people about the crimes hes committed. The only savings grace was the secuirty guard threatening the push him into traffic if he came back on the property. Haha! If nothing less, it was entertaining!
Pricing is wrong and people will bud you and they serve them without issue. Brutal location.
This McDonalds is like home and has a good down to earth vibe. I would of gave five stars but the hang ups I have is the homeless people in the drive thru constantly begging. Its just getting really annoying. Like I wanna order my food and eat without being bothered. I hope the get a little more mindful of that. Also many times I order something and they often forget to put everything I'm the bag. I know this mcdonalds gets a lot of traffic and is busy but those are the only pickles I have.
It was late at night so I was happy to see they we still open. But the food was made terrible very sloppy and had a bad smell to it. So I was unsatisfied.
It's simple. Website says open 24 hours, yet they're closed at 4am on a Saturday night with workers inside. Unacceptable.
"Open 24 hours" we got here at 2.30 am and they say it's not open until 3.30 am. Finally they open at 3.40 am but they wouldn't accept cards, only cash. Then the girl at the cashier, Heidi she said, was attending the register and then going to the kitchen, no gloves, touching the food, so rude and so loud, terrible service here today.
Sad that they only had three employees. God bless them and shame the way McDonald's treats employees. This is a Corporate owned not a franchise. Bad  ½ï¿½ï¿½ï
"Very busy
Staff were ok.
Didn't have lemon for my tea"
Could be because the place was under construction but the service was ridiculously slow: we spent at least 5 minutes at the second window. The lady tried to keep two of our drinks and there was no napkins in the bag.
I eat here for lunch a lot and I've never seen a ton of homeless people here. I see one once in a while outside, but that's it. Food is served fast and fries are hot! I love it here.
Bathrooms are locked in a way that only a manager can open them.  Then, there's no hand soap or toilet paper.  Took FOREVER to get us our food.  Just sub-satandard...even by McDonalds standards!
What you'd expect from a busy McDonalds in Vegas.  Decent food.  Decent speed.  Good service.  Only reason for three stars was the weird guy in a bowtie.  Are you a McDonalds greeter? Is that a thing? Either way nobody going to McDonald's wants to be bothered.  We go out to eat and sit down to be bothered.
Nice service by the employees very satisfactory. Some of the people seemed to not have to go anywhere. Taking up places to sit for families but quick and pleasant.
Service sucks     unable to provide my order before 45 minutes of waiting. Then received the
Busy but has lots of kiosks to speed up the process.
This place sucks. Customer service is awful. We stood in line at the drive-thru for 20 minutes and they never took our order.
Service support for drive-thru  was excellent! I asked for fresh food (Chicken nugget combo with large half cut Ice tea). It was worth the wait.  Thank you
Every McDonalds on the planet has the two sausage mcmuffin with egg for $3.33 special except for these guys. The lady taking the order says "we don't have specials - there's too many tourists." After getting a manager to translate "can I have a receipt please" to the cashier that spoke zero english, I took my overpriced food and split. The one positive is the three bums fighting in the parking lot did provide for some entertainment while I waited.
Best to look for other stores, coz this one won't deliver your order ever
They no respect the prices for example the breakfast promotion 2 sauce McMuffin for $4.50 they want pay $8.45
Not open 24hrs, 2am closed already
Quick drive through. A little tight parking lot in the front of the restaurant, but additional parking in back. Conveniently close to Mandalay Bay, Luxor, etc. on east side of Las Vegas Blvd.
"Got the big breakfast and it really hit the spot.
Didn't like it that the employee wasn't all that helpful about their menu availability at 430 am.
But the breakfast was good."
$3.88 for two large cokes?  You can go eff yourselves.  The McDonalds down the street charges $1.08 each.  Or, I can stop at Circle K on my way home from the Strip and get a Polar Pop 44oz for .79 cents plus tax.
Can't get a refill because of Covid?  All you have to do is use a new cup.  I think at a $1.79 per drink one cup won't cut into the profit margin that much.  But I wouldn't want to send McDonald's into bankruptcy.  Quit being cheap and hiding behind Covid for an excuse.
I work the midnight hours down the street. Stopped by at 0130 and the place was closed. Not a 24 hour operation.
Ordered inside to go. It was very busy. Took 20 minutes to get my order.
Mcds is expensive for the type of food and how they treat the employees. I ordered sausage McMuffin, hash brown, LG c9ffee 7.00$$$ my total is 1.19, 1.45, 1.60 plus 8.25 tax under 5.00. I'm sorry but mcds make billions per day and steals even more. Going 2 manager .Seriously people needs 2 be more aware what companies are doing. You say it's only 2.00 but it happens all the time. And the companies is the only one who benefits. Just saying. Sad!!!! ½ï¿½ï¿½ï
mobile order not working. i show the number order in my phone to them and they said  ½
If McDonald's were a raccoon who served you garbage you'd be in a better spot. Good luck humanity.
Same menu as every McDonald's everywhere, and the quality is just fine. The big advantage of this location is that it's just off the strip, so it has more normal prices, and it's not as crowded.
Always leaving off specified add-ons or ignoring substitutions even with display screen& reciting order    ½ï¿½ï¿
We stayed at the Tropicana and didnt want to pay $21.95 each for breakfast so we went here.  It was a 10 minute walk ( it's across from Mandalay Bay) and encountered 2 homeless men along the way but it was worth the walk.  Food and service were excellent and the prices the same as other McDonalds.   The place is new and clean.   The is also a Subway in the strip mall.   Highy recommend if you can stand the heat durind the walk.
Meh...just meh. Back in the day McDonalds was a treat you looked forward to, now the foods more expensive, the fries are never fresh, and the buns are usually stale. They've dropped the ball.
"Totally rude customer service. When we asked to fix the problems they snarled with their pissy attitudes.
The women's name was Bryanna who denied me a simplebsqueeze of whipped cream.
WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER !!"
This place wasn't the best. The worst food I had the entire trip the soda wasn't mixed well either. I do hope they were having an off day and things get better for them.
our food was cold and we didn ½ï
Ordered 5  mocha frappes, the order was made correctly. The cashier was friendly courteous and make me smile while we waited
It was awesome I won a few buckeroos and went net door the a rooftop party at the foundation room @ the Mandalay & we partied our lil booties off also my phone fell down elevator shaft at the Luxor     ½ï¿½ï
My order was not right.  We didn't check out the bag until we got home and we didn't get all the order.  The fries were great
This McD's location has NO sit down dinning available. I requested extra pickles and still got only 1 pickle per cheese burger. Lame.
Your pregnant crew member... who had on no name tag. Was, and continued to be DISRESPECTFUL. Her name was something like Tahlia. First patty meat looked like someone took a bite out of it. Second sandwich   s looked so old and couldn   t get the bread and cheese apart. Then the girl takes the next customer and his money was a bit wet from swimming and she looked and him and said  
I was in town visiting beautiful Las Vegas and I stopped off at McDonald   s my experience in the drive-through Iï
Worst McDonalds ever we waited over 30 minutes for our order just for them to mess up our order and we waited another 30 minutes for our food
They sold me a returned food and coffee last night. The cashier asked me if I can wait by the back door and didn't want to give me my receipt and brought me burgers with no napkins and they put cream in my coffee which was not in my order.
"Closed totally not 24hr

050421-Drive Thru Only. If you order thru the app there is no take out, curbside or, dine in."
No fillet o fish chicken nuggets were cold taste like cardboard hardly any ice in my tea no value menu whatsoever
The staff here is rude and they don ½ï
More expensive than other McDonalds in Las Vegas and smaller drinks (ice coffee) "Medium" is "Small" here
Beautiful sign. And I always love McDonald's.
Really slow service.  Waiting at counter just to be helped.  Need to get a special for the locals that live in the neighborhood , because prices are high because on strip. We're not visitors some of us live right here
Needs cleaned inside and out
WARNING WARNING WARNING.........Do not eat here I found a screw in my sandwich an the night manager hung up on me after telling me to walk back up there with my burger to show her. Very rude service bad maintenance apparently. And I'll be calling corporate in the morning
"Manager is so slow.
Waited 35 minutes for our food. They were putting out the smaller orders instead of the bigger orders."
Typical MCDONALD'S. Nothing fancy. Half price happy meals when mom doesn't want to cook!
Expensive does not share the promotions of other McDonald's nor does it offer the full menu of other McDonald's. In short pay more get less as they told me that's the strip for you
Can't any drive through ever get my order right? This rude girl, I am not going to mention her name, she would be fired for racial obscenities just to start. But no apology from her or anyone else there. Ruined my appetite.  
Dining room was not open for takeout. Not very friendly to this is us that drive large vehicles that won't fit through the drive thru
This location is horrible bad service no matter what time of day. it takes forever to get your food and every time I go there for breakfast which used to be a lot my mcmuffins were always burnt
Not a fan of fast food, and still not....just needed something quick
Night staff doesn   t care, dirty tables, lots of laughing employees with only one pos system open. They donï¿½
Staff is untrained and manager does not get involved. Cashier messed up order confront of me and behind me as well. Employees seemed to not be shocked by all the mistakes.
Service was good. Even got my burger med. Rare, just how i like it  
two mc chicken 1 hr wait, manager is very rude.
What can I say, if you eat at one Mcdonalds you done ate at them all. This place doesnt have a dollar menu and their main menu is very limited. Its also kind of expensive. Very clean in the inside
Kinda hard to stay open when you don't have a cashier.
Dirtiest McDonald's I've ever been in. I went there because it was 100% cheaper than Mandelay Bay
Right across the street from The Mandalay Bay makes this place the perfect go to for a quick bite. Great service and great food. Parking on the premises. Enjoy!
3 years ago,a was a pleasure to order. Now is terrible, you order something in specific and you get different order. I called corporate and IM STILL WAITING for them to call me back.
Service was so slow and then given wrong order
Staff is rude. Orders are always wrong.lines are long. Very unprofessional management
Service is friendly food is what you'd expect from any MacDonald's, the down side is because it's on the strip their prices area little bit more than normal and they don't participate in any of the promo offers advertised by McDonald's.
All the people that work there are very nice, efficient, and as fast as they can possibly be to get your order filled and served in a timely manner. That whole crew is an A+
This place out horrible and terrible service, they pick who can eat inside, then tell everyone else have to take it to go, also I order here had to eat outside but yet they won ½
Dr.Pepper was flat. French fries were over salty when asked for NO Salt. Employee in drive thru wasn't very friendly either,sort of felt like she didn't like her job.
Nothing personal I just don't like the quality of the food. This was the only place open on Christmas so.....
Wish my food would have been a lil hotter and a lil more fresh- but hey that's fast food for ya!
Hot summer day. And it was soo cool inside. And soo Clean. Thanks everyone.. ps. Only got my Fix. Ice Coffee. Small.
Went tonight and the girls were awesome! We forgot to say no salt on fries,  they remade them. They were very hospitable!
Says it ½ï
Delicious food great hamburgers great breakfast menu I especially like the sausage egg McMuffin I also like the quarter pounder with cheese actually all of their items on the menu are very tasty
First you need to buy food before ask for the restroom  ½
Digital menu has slow response and not very clear at check out when you have to choose a locator from 1-20 and you can't check out till you choose one of those numbers
We had to literally argue with the shift Supervisor to get more creamer and sugar for my coffee. Ill never go there again!
This has got to be one of the worst McDonald's around...Lines are slow, employees don't smile and can be rude, food is undercooked and store is dirty.  Always this way, and management could not seem to care less.  Avoid this one if you can.
how do you like it when a person taking your order sneezes on you why would they be there sick why would they be contagious why would they be spreading their disease the stinking billionaires turn on McDonald's Auto send them home when they're sick and give them pay these franchises make billions of dollars by just using McDonald's name it's not really McDonald's it's a private persons company and they do whatever they want they charge whatever price they want it's not even McDonald's
Stay away from this place. I don't expect stellar service from McDonald's but the service here is absolutely terrible. The people who work here have the attitude of not wanting to be here.
My hat goes off to the lady that's works there. Don't know her name but she was pregnant. She was working the front counter and drive thur at the same time. Do not complain about it.
Very slow service. I worked for McDonald before and we were trained to acknowledge the ptron by letting them know you're there and be with them shortly.
Takes forever to get served and you're guaranteed to get your order and correct. Waited over 30 minutes for my order
Terrible. Shells in egg mcmuffins (BOTH McMuffins) And large soda was only 24 oz and had a nasty taste
Just left McDonald after a wait of 20 minutes and left with nothing. We made order milk shake and icecream and when we reached the window. She said the machine is down and I forgot to tel you because I was busy.
Fast, clean, efficient. Everything you want from a McDonalds. A great place to stop for a snack before venturing in to the pricier parts of the LV strip.
It's faster to order inside restaurant than go through the drive thru.
Had to wait for food in the back of  restaurant for ten minutes for food , then they forgot to me my fries!!
No drive thru, have to oder using a board, not a person. Ugh!
Wow open 24 hours, went here at 3 am ordered food then pasted out on the table the employees here are awesome
It's McDonald's, the food is ok, the service is ok, the dining area could use more seats. But too many transients hanging around.
"Very bad service
I got my breakfast, then back to get my lunch
I couldn   t find my car
The security of the plaza towed my car
I spoke with the Mac manager she said we don   t know, she does care
U ca"
The customer service is good but can't say the same for the food also got some defective lids
Longer wait time in drive thru. But good service
Had breakfast here most mornings
"Hard working, very friendly staff. Hit breakfast.
No military discount."
I will never here again I asked. For hot fries an a pie an even waited for the pie to be so call. Being cooked it never was brought out so that it for me for life
Went for breakfast today 3/26.. No coffee was ready. Waited awhile for my food and there was only one other customer.. oh and I counted about eight people behind the counter.... RIDICULOUS !
Total rip off. None of the McD discounted items like $1 coffee or coupons are honored here.
Quick stop at McDonald's. They were fast and service was friendly.
It's McDonald's so expect slow service complete with incorrect orders. I personally don't go to this McDonald's because of it.
Not the best service, but the food was fresh.
Standard for a McD's, I didn't see any child booster seats or high chairs for the young ones but like other reviewer said you don't have to go into a casino, where people are drinking and smoking, a plus for me.
The food was ok but way over priced for a McDonald's and the fries had no flavor.  I dont suggest it.
Ice cream machine was down for 2 days, not going to go back, just goto another McDonald's.
For a quick meal. And to get out of the cold or heat. It can be very crowded at certain times. No Wi-Fi.
Had a egg mcmuffin and coffee it was good
Nice to see fairly normal prices and not Las Vegas Boulevard prices! We had super friendly service!
"My favorite place to eat and hang out.
Great atmosphere and great set up for the dining area.
Great prices!"
My hot n spicy was thrown in the bag outside of the paper. And it wasnt even hot it was like room temp.
McDonald's is good place to eat but they might get some orders wrong but it's still ok cause they have this thing where they are making food from all different McDonalds in different countries
Very unprofessional staff, rude manager dirty floors, and a very long waiting time
Generally good service but the last few times I've had to pull ahead on the drive thru line and wait an unusually lengthy time.
It Was OK
I order 3 20 pieces receive 30 unacceptable  that's not how you do business don't like it
It's a McDonalds so you already know what to expect. However, while hotel food is wonderful, this is a welcome break from the noise and prices when you need it.
I love that McDonald's the employees are always friendly the food is always fresh
"Standardized meals at a very reasonable price point. For the budget traveler.
Minimum rush. Fast service. For on the go meals."
Drive thru always friendly & courteous. Food is hot & served  pretty quickly
Like always excellent service some good food
You can only order inside via Kiosk. There are only 3 working kiosks. You can ½ï
I was on my break from work, I order on the app trying to get my food as soon as posible and first they take almost one hour to give me my food and it was 3 more persons waiting for there food and when I check my food it was a dirty napkin inside my food and they refused to make it again they just refund my money to my bank and they say I'll take up to one week to have my money on my account after they mistake
The food was good as usual, but the restrooms were very very dirty, so disappointing, dirty tables, we had to clean with antibacterial wipes
You have to order by kiosk. It took over 10 minutes to get a cup of coffee with only 2 orders in front of me.
Very slow service when it is empty, kiosks don't have all the items on their menu
Well it's ok because their dining room is being remodeled and you can only use drive through
Asked for new fries and got the same back brown and dry. Iced coffee always not good at this location i wont be back ever 
Apparently this location thinks it is above the law by Serving hot food and not providing a restroom for the Customers that buy here.
Sketchy area. Drunk hobos passed out on the outside tables in the middle of the day.
Not gonna lie i only gave it 2 stars because we couldnt eat inside other than that service n food were on point good Mcdonalds
Mcbitchin- mcdouble plus spicy chicken. Take one bun off and put them together as one. Best marriage in food.
Worst McDonald   s I ½ï
Ordered via DoorDash but great food regardless.
Terrible. Waited for 32 minutes and compared to others that was short. Food was cold and staff seemed nonchalant about everything.
Definitely not as bad as all those low raters are saying. If they feel that way why would they keep coming back?
The food was great and the prise was great cool people good vibe 2
Understaffed but friendly. 16min ticket time.
If you want good service and good food this is the best Mcdonalds on the west side.
Worst Mcdonald's ever!!!! The homeless will attack you and the security will just stand there . stay in the casino if u want Mcdonald's not worth it!!!!
Very busy, but staff was very efficient. For high traffic fast food it was Clean also
Was good but I don't like how meal deals are different in different places. I'm hangry !
Had a cheeseburger and soggy fries which was awful (I had been tempted by the clever marketing of the signature collection). It was extremely disappointing.
Average McDonald's
Too dependant on technology... Cashier's expect you to use kiosk. No team members at registers.
Good to eat
Waited 30 minutes to get food, spending about 70.00, and not a friendly manager.
worst ever customer service. manager is so rude dont even apologize for the wrong order.
Worst McDonald's ever. Don't reckmmebdsvfï¿½ï¿
Pretty positive the spicy  chicken nuggets had mold  
With the newly designed drive thru, it's much better, service is much faster
Great food, friendly service, and I got a free mcfrappie absolutely  fantastic experience
The manger was just the worst had no sympathy for my kids who were hungry I walked to drive thru asked to serve me she said no cause I don't have a car I said please my kids are hungry nope i rented a taxi to just get food ...
Great fast food when at work conveniently right across the street great but when trying to budget on the strip.
Fourth time in LA we visited the place..santa monica place is cool for 1 dollar items especially soft drinks
These fast-food always busy a lot's of tourists goes in here
This location had horrible service. Possibly because it was later in the evening.
Most tables are dirty, cheese color is weird, but some burgers are good.
Wasted my time and gas coming to a place that claims to be 24hrs but they are closed
Bog standard McDonald's, conveniently located at the South end of The Strip. Friendly services and special orders so far handled without issues.
This McDonalds is on the street which is nice so I can bring my kids without going within a casino where people smoke.
Not 24 hours right now it's 8:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m. I'm not sure what the weekend hours are unless they changed it again
One of the girls was rude was standing there by cash register for 3 minutes before she said go to the kiosk machine I asked why I couldn't order there she said it's not my drawer in a rude way
If I could rate this place below the 1 I would. Horriable ½ï¿
Food was okay, They also have kids play area which kids would enjoy
No salads, no chicken fingers, no shakes, no thank you.  Why is McDonald's even still around anymore?
Nice special, mix or match 2 for 6 dollars.
Awful experience at this location!! Waited over 45 minutes for food and had to request refund.
This place sucks! Couldn't get the order right. Service was very slow.
Customer Service experience great...except don't MOP while customers are in line..very rude
Very Poor service,they serve our food very incomplete ( no butter,no pancake syrup,no hashbrown,no caramel frappe,no fork,also they lost our receipt
Order line was long and the cashier got my order wrong but I just took whatever they gave me, didn't want to wait any longer.
The black people that work here are absolutely extremely rude and very disrespectful to their customers stay away
Worse McDonald's on the strip dirty an employee's have a attitude
30 minutes to wait for my order, the worst service for fast food  
Good parking.  It's McDonald's so the food was very McDonaldsy... clean and affordable.
They didn't open on time, but the food was up to McDonald's standard, so it was good enough  ½
They r so fast at the drive though and the inside is super clean!!!
Probably slowest fast food restaurant I ½
When I ordered my food and finished it after about 20 minutes, waited to use the restroom and someone had defecated all over the toilet and I nust about threw up and had to leave.
Good and fast. Near of the Mandalay Bay so really usefull for Guests who wants a fast food.
Good location. Pretty busy. Food was like normal.
The worst of the worst, I just drive by McDonalds, no way I will eat at this grease pit, they hire the worst people, attitudes and rude.
Coffee was not good. Pls start serving machine coffees
This place so deserted  Im.wondering if people really come to buy food
"this location stop serving breakfast @10:30am
hey I thought McDonald's was serving breakfast all day!"
Really earning me up dinner points thru the mobile app love it
Standard excellent needs better signs for drive thru service!
Not open 24 hours like page says. Closed by midnight.
This is my favorite location to visit. The staff is friendly and they have great customer service!
I don't like McDonald's (other than their fries and ice cream), but my kids like it - and their service is very fast and efficient.
Just at the drive thru but food was good and fast
All staff are super rude
Is indual own not corporate that says it all. Don't expect much from this place.
It's clean for starters! Other than that just regular McDonald's.. no dollar menu though
Very rude manager. Really bad customer service.
OMG beware don't order anything from this place is dirty and the staff are racist and rude ... I ordered a smoothie and the cashier gave me a smoothie half full .. and didn't give me ketchup
Considering the small location,  the staff delivered prompt and courteous service!
Right across from the Welcome to Las Vegas Sign.  Great pick up point if you're "Ubering" around.
Regular old mcdonalds tastes like every other mcdonalds.
Service was quick but it seemed like the person taking my order was distracted
Another place I get wrong orders!!!
Always great food for when on the road or for a healthy quick meal.
Good food and price, but 5 flies are flying around your food.
Good location. Kind staff helped clean up a spill of mine.
Ordering on the mobile app saves time when picking up and you get free coupons.
The people that work there were very nice and helpful.
The food is good but the prices have hiked up
Orders were messed up and it took to long to get the food for a FAST food restaurant.
Food was hot and place was clean. Consumer service was excellent.
It's cool except the waiting for the key to the bathroom part.
Marcus at the window gave the best service I've ever recieved at a McDonald's
Hit and miss, there was a lovely member of staff with braces who was super helpful!
It is not opened 24 hours. We just walked here for nothing.
Very stingy with the fries. My fries are barely full. So much so that my fries don't even get past the holder. Terrible
Everyone was very nice. Food was quick and as expected.
Really slow service, have to wait almost 15 minutes for my order.
Employees are so slow, waited 25 min for a big mac.
Really rude people work there specially the one in the drive thru never going back
I ordered 2 hash browns and they only gave me 1  
Very long wait. Unprofessional staff. I will not be coming back.
MacDonald's is MacDonald's, if you go there you know what you're getting no point in complaining later
Nice location, but store wasn't kept very clean.
It's mcdonald's what more is there to say cheap food cheap service.
This place was horrible. They were out of ketchup and wouldn't give us a cup for water.
Good
The chicken sandwiches always taste great when I order here
Great place
If you're a Local don't even Think of Stopping here !!-!!!  No Dollar menu ...Tourist Prices BS.
The last 3 times I've been here before work I sat in the drive threw for no less than 10 minutes.
security stop notch
They mess up orders and serve half cooked burger meat
Hey i ordered. 4 out 5 stars!!!!!
Very very slow but the food was good
It's like any other casual fast food experience
The worst McDonald ½ï¿½ï
I work for Uber eats and having to wait more than 5 minutes at 3 am is very bad for business...
Great hotel, great customer service..
Don't really like there food anymore
Coffee tasted horrible!!! Bad customer service.
Breakfast should be served later not 10:30am SMH
McDonald's always a good place to go for early morning breakfast mainly when you been out all night....
The cashier was rude... and got bothered by me asking to put lettuce in my burger.. they need a customer service counselling. .
Fast and friendly
Horrible. Only 3 people works there, the rest of the employees walked out on them.
Went here for breakfast on a vegas vacation.  No complaints.
There was bleach in my Mc double... 
Had me parked just for a happy meal omg
This one is a special restaurant. They make the bacon ranch salad just the way I like it.
Fries were cold chicken sandwiche was made wrong. Was very sad they messed up.
Not open 24 hours, they need to change their hours online.
Best French fries I've ever had at McDonald's
I just had the worst visit to McDonald's in Vegas on the strip
Good service, especially for being so close to the Strip!
Worsted service establishment of las Vegas and it located on the strip
Enjoy their iced coffee
I didn't eat here but Google won't leave me alone so here is a review.
Needed some gift cards. fast and easy
Ok, but not great. Tired restaurant with mediocre service.
Cant even order inside. 2 thumbs down..
Sweet tea was bad not sweet at all and had a moldy tast to it.
Silly Google... I can assure you I didn ½
First McDonald's ever to be able to say, "Excellent Service"
Never changes; if you don't know McDonald's you must be an alien.
Took 10 mins to get my food, it is across the street from a convention center.  Still though...
I was 35min in the drive tru for my food shame on
Nice & easy location at vegas. Restrooms were good
"The fries were burnt the meat was burnt except the sausage was good " - my friend lol
To many homeless, pan handlers around. Did feel safe.
Good location to get your mcd fix. Quik service
Was not here but my credit card was stolen and used here. Check Id's please!!!!!
Always super slow service at this location
The DMV of McDonald's.  Staff are atrocious.
Excellent. Food was hot and fast service.
As far as McDonald's goes this one was clean and friendly
It's not the cleanest but the food is decent
Food was overcooked.   Bad filet of fish.
Went in twice for breakfast and both times ppl where passed out at the tables
They took 15 minutes to talk on intercom and the manager was short staffed and was very, very rude!!!!!!!
Short changed on my order, not friend, took for ever to use restroom!!
Homeless
It depends on what time you want to dine there.
So so sorry I couldn't get over the managers attitude
Fast and clean, which is what you hope for when visiting McD's.
A standard McDonald's with all the junky food you can eat. Free wifi.
Go to. But they always don't have smoothies it frappes
Quick service, friendly smiles, the way a McDonald's should be.
Love Sausage McMuffin with egg yum! & hash browns! ½ï¿
Rude staff. Lack of customer service skills. Dirty!!!
Dirty. They touch the food right after accepting cash without washing their hand.
Bad service but consistent quality in food
Good McDonald's but quite busy.
Great service from graveyard staff I will come back soon
Poor customer service lady on the auto service don't have a good actitude.
Very clean, great customer service  ½
The drive through was very slow
Late night food run...states that they are open 24 hours...
They never give you enough condiments.
Other than the ice cream machine never on at night it's a good McD's
Super fantastic  ½ï¿½
Went to the drive-thru and got the wrong order.
They don't have they prices n promotion as advertised on tv
Terrible customer service, window lady with a sad and horrible attitude.
Crowded, cleanness is okay..
5 stars service at the counter, fast polite, thx
Lobby is so dirty I refuse to eat here. Disgusting.
Fast fresh food, friendly staff.
Good location and normal pricing. Not strip pricing.
Not very clean. Cheaper food than on the strip lol
Nice and clean, good service, very courteous.
I go to McDonald's cause it's cheap and I use my McD's app a lot too.
One cashier at all restaurants means to long of my time waiting
Strip location, quick service, eat and go back to casino.
Carry out only due to seating restrictions
"Its McDonald's
What do want?... Lol"
Service was quick and food was hot.
Bad service gave me the wrong size drinks
they're so unorganized, they gave me my order wrong.
Great place for a quick bite & on the go meetings.
I would've gave it 1 start, for McDonald...
Friendly staff, but no dollar drinks at this location.
Have trouble getting all that we order most of the time missing things we order
Fast and friendly drive thru service
Good food for breakfast fast service.
Nothing different from other McDs. Slow from too many tourists
No cares given
A good place to stop for a quick meal!
The were super slow. Don't recommend.
Rude rude rude stay away from this idiots
Friendly helpful service and clean restaurant.
It's okay. Just fast food.
Mickey Dees is always good fast food.
High prices here  they pay that strap price
So bad I saw a rat there
The egg in my sandwich was undercooked and they wouldn't replace it.
Fast food classic, the service is as it always is.
Food was fast. Restrooms were broken.
Excellent. Chicken was so crispy and fresh.
Fast food , what can I say. Fills the belly
In a budget with the cheese. And awful service, like always confusing orders.
Love me some Micky D's!
Rooms are very nice.really good foo
Great service, not packed at all.
My 8yr old loves McGriddle's
Fries were hot!! Sandwiches made as I requested!!!
It's McDonald's... It was clean and the service was fast
FYI no dollar menu or kiosk. Very busy.
This is a great McDonalds. Always Fresh.
Over priced no normal specials priced to extreme for tourists
Typical fast food joint. Clean.
They  made right however about 30 minutes  I was hunger  again
Good hot food and  
Crazy amount of people and very slow location
The place is not clean, the service is slow
Always good and quick
Good prices for fast food in vegas
Slow service because of automated ordering systems
Dining room was closed. Very annoying.
Bathrooms locked. Need a code to access. Petty.
NO 2 FOR 4  Sausage egg and cheese mcmuffin, I  GUESS THEY NEED THE MONEY     ½ï¿
Forgot a hashbrown and sausage with pancake breakfast
Always someone cleaning food good
Not very clean, but very fast service.
This McDonald 
24HRS? NOPE!!! I WAS THERE AT NINE LAST NIGHT!!! THE PLACE WAS CLOSED!!! I WALKED!!!!
Busy location but the food was normal, McDonalds food.
Great place and cozy for children and parents.
Good service, i had No problems.
Great service and nice atmosphere.
Ran out of fries. Nothing more to say.
WORST SERVICE EVER!!!
"Horrible place
Horrible Customer service sucks
Place  was all dirty"
I HAD ORDERED AN ARTISON CHICKEN SANDWICH AND GOT FOOD POISONING
Their food was cold gross and incorrect
They don ½ï¿
Good in a pinch.  Hit or miss on the food
Standard menu of course.  But great service.
Great prices good food.
It's McDonald's ..kinda good and naughty
Great staff and quiet when I was there.
Forget the booze...the macaroni and chicken is the best!!!
Amazingly friendly and fast employees!
Clean and easy parking; which is hard to find in Vegas.
Welcoming and speedy service in the drive-thru.
Best freshest fast food on Vegas Strip
Anymore foods not good.  Ice cream is
Much better than paying Mandalay prices.
cheap eats fake food but it adapts to budget sometimes.
Quick bite.. decent prices for the strip..
11pm and they are closed.
Food was substandard, buns were hard as rocks
Drive thru was pretty fast
Prices are high for fast food
Ok felt like the food was bland
Gets orders wrong and bad fountain drinks
Great service from Davaine, order was ready in a snap
Great service and clean environment!
Fast service and good quality of food
Employees had very bad actitud
Good price.... Nice place
Good food great coffee.
Fresh coffe...Good service...!
Better service than most
Great times with the Akita crew!
Who doesn't love McDonalds.. enough said.
Bad service and dirt
Slow.... Over 5 minutes to get an iced tea.
Only drive thru open.
I don't prefer to go to this McDonald's
Horrible service.  No coffee. No milk. Horrible
They skimped on the amount of food they served.
Horrible. Don't go there
Quick but cold hash browns
Great food and friendly service
Great place right outside Mandalay Bay
Very clean and professionally run.
Ok, quick, simple, not friendly
Really nice people working here
Loved it friendly people
Lady sounded like she hated her job.
Fast service, little line up.
Order wasn't complete,sad!!! 
Coffee is really good, I mean good.
"McDonald's is McDonald's
It's always good"
Very rude and over priced
Don't waste you time and money.
They needed to clean this place..
Fast service short walk from Mandalay Bay
Friendliest window clerks ever!
Very busy seemed a bit rushed
Normal McDonald's. You'll feel bad after.
Just like every other McDonald's.
Hot small coffee $1.39
Excellent service food grrat
"24 hour" store that is closed....
Slow and badly designed drive-through.
Good food, helpful staff
Short handed.
Just what you expect, friendly staff
Hot fresh fast food
Hey, it's McDonald's not the Capital Grille.   
Very cordial staff. Thank you!
No dollar menu here on the strip
I work for McDonald's and I love it.
Customer service rude very inappropriate
Its the same as all the others, with remote ordering.
Love that special sauce! Lol
For a breakfast it is a great place!
Prices are considerably inflated because it is "on the strip" .
Bun was dry and hard. Slow service
Quick cheap cup of coffee
I was pleasantly surprised by the friendliness  of the staff
Service was amazing but EXPENSIVE  
Fast ear.
Clean, quick and good service!
Nice spicy chicken sandwich.
Convient and cheap.  Hot no air
Cold fries and very sloppy cheeseburger assembly
Fast and efficient..across from MGM
Shocking mess everwhere staff doing nothing
The fries was hot and fresh
Nice place and good for a Breakfast
Staff very helpful and friendly
ýýý
just normal Mac in Las Vegas, quite more expensive
Good coffee and Chiken tenders ...
Great staff, great location
Super clean everybody efficient
Soggy burgers and my lettuce was bad!!@
messed up my oder
Convenience close to Mandalay bay convention
Fast service good people
Can't eat inside 
It's kool
Best nuggies hands down
For being in las Vegas, it felt like home.
Love they breakfast.
Slow drive-thru
Just good a reminder of my youth.
Good stop for quick food
Great customer service  ½ï¿½
The coffee was hot
Long line , only breakfast  
It's just not good for you.!
It's breakfast sandwiches are human meat
Cold food
Clean, spacious, friendly staff
Love McDonalds
Enjoy getting hustled, and it's not the cleanest.
They had what we needed
Eh, smashed together and it was at a slow time.
Fast service, good food
Food was so cold.
Slow service, cold food.
Terrible customer service.
MCDONALD'S IS ALWAYS GREAT!!
Regular burgers, place is not the best.
Dirty place bad customer service
Slow service, incorrect order.
Good for an inexpensive breakfast
I Enjoyed The Morning Coffee
Very slow service
Disappointed in the WiFi connectivity
Poor service, rude staff
Good place for burgers.
Looks great but old
You know if you like it
Really awfully customer service
Closer when posted 24 hours :-(
It ½ï¿½
Great alternative for the budget traveler
Always gives me the bubble guts.
Serves what it says on the  box. Ok
Nastiest place I've been in.
The worst ever McDonald's
Nothing special but it's okay
Bad customer service
Clean and good service
Best employees ever!
Fast drive thru
Very polite
Was decent
Very tasty meal
Service was okay it's McDonald's
Good cheap bite in Vegas.
Very good
Good customer service
The worst of worst McDonald's in Las Vegas.
Average food average service
Fast, friendly service.
Decent quick bite.
Convenient. Good. Food
Long wait lousy staff
Great service and fast
Staff useless.
Great staff and service
I can eat there biscuits
Clean. Fast.
Clean fast friendly
Slowest food in history
Love their food
Great mocha frappees
Good as always
Nice and clean place
Hamburgers are always great
Good food
Workers are really nice!
Average McD's
busy location with a slow line
Lots of hot chicks 
Fast and friendly staff
Good Food
Very good
Workers are always rude
Great fast food
Its always good.
dirty and no plug to recharge
Got to have them.
Mmm mmm good
Convenient but slow
Love the fish sandwich
Very good  service
Fast service this morning.
Fast great service
OK typical Mac Donald's
Seen one seen them all
Quick Service (Walk In)
Was ok
Fine food
Very fast and friendly
Its junk food lol
Trash
Slow service
Gotta stay away from this place. . .
Great staff
Its just another mickey d
My Fav
clean and staff are friendly
Best price on strip
Great fast food
Chicken Mc'Nuggets could be cheaper
OK for a quick bite
It's McDonald's,  what can I say?
Fine
Not fresh food
Dirty and awful smell
Plain ole Fish sandwich :-(
Absolutely delicious!
Good fast food
good place for meal.
Not so clean
Quick and friendly
McDonald's was McDonald's with higher prices.
Beer, friendly atmosphere
Its good
Everything was hot!
Not very good
Long line
Really bad service
I became very ill
Typical Mc Donald
Good fast food
Bad, rancid smell.
Fresh and tasty foods
Perfect.
Always open and friendly
Great.
Flies everywhere it was disgusting
It goos
Is McDonald's you know
not clean enough
LOVED
Ok
Great Service.
It's just a McDonald's :)
Great breakfasts
GOOD fast food
I'm loving it
ýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýý
Eh, its mcd's
Bah !
This ok
Nice service.
Its a McD
Awesome service.
Great McDonalds
again soupy poopy
Good service
Best fries
Fast and friendly
Good burgers
Great breakfast
Fast
Never get it right
Fast and friendly
Rude.
Great service
Order was correct
Wanna fill the spot
Pleasant and quick
Terrific
Luke warm burgers
Quick and friendly
Great service
Fast and friendly
Cant get enough
Always friendly
Great service
Dump
Just what you expect
Good service
Nice dessert
A well oiled machine
Excellent  service
a reasonable price
Decent location
Always best
"good
Service"
Great pancakes
I'm hating it!
Mobile is cool
Fast and nice
That Big Mac doe...
Polite workers
Ok
Yuck
Ok
Nitto
Phatty
normal mcdonald
Good service
It is good.
Yuck
Its a 24 hr
I like coffee
Basic
Quick service
Never disappointed
Ok
Good
Ok
Tasty
Clean and friendly
Still love it
Like it
Love that palce
Busy place...
Ok
It was great
Meh
Good
Very clean
Nice
Yuck
Good
It was good
Good
No!
Always love
Gross! And unnecessary
Good
Another Vegas McDonald's.
Quick service
I'm loving it
Delicious
Avoid
Good mcdonalds
Cool
great food
Cool
Not organized
Good
Yummy pizza
Inexpensive for Las Vegas
Very average
A bit dirty
Disgusting as always
Never disappointed
Good
Good nuggets
Best
Great place
Awful
Of course mcmuffins!
Very vlesn
Loved it..
Very friendly
Breakfast
Slow as hell
Thanks for the hangover
Agree
Busy location
Nuggets
Friendly
Close
Dirty
It was dirty
Enjoyed it!
ýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýý ýýý
To expensive
Clean surrounding
Burger King
Nice personnel
Only in a pinch
Fast service
Fries
Fast service
Cold FFries!
Its mcdondalds!
Yummy tummy
McDonald's as usual.
Excellent 
It's McDonalds...
Bad bad bad.
Nasty stuff
No comments
The Best of the Best
Out of food
Alright food
Ugly place
Cheap food
Smoothie.....
It's McDonald's!
Is a McDonalds
Yum yum yum
Convenient!
Its McDonalds
Understaffed
Its McDonald's
Its McDonald's
It's McDonald's
cheap food
Grate place
It's McDonald's
Coveniente
Mcdonalds duh
McDonald's
Worst McDonald's ever. The patties were raw inside. Everything super dirty. One employee was friendly, the rest arrogant.
"There was a wrap menu that is not found in Japanese mornings.
I think it would be even better if it had vegetables in it!"
Do not go! They don't have keys for customers to use the bathroom ½
Terrible service in this place an hour to deliver the food and no they did not give it complete we went inside several customers were fighting the same thing they charged me and they did not give me my complete meal
"Located at the beginning of the strip, McDonald type with attention 24/7.
It does not have the best attention but it is not bad either, its accesses are comfortable as well to leave the premises.
In the rear sector it has parking to park and eat your order or wait."
Good place to eat fast and cheap
Refreshments on the main street not far from the famous Welcome to Las Vegas sign. There is free parking and a great view of the beginning of Las Vegas. I must say that the food was tasty and everything was clean. Thanks
Several times I have been 30 min waiting in the drive thru.
"morning mac

Participated in an exhibition in the United States to promote the detoxifying effect of Yaeyama chlorella.
Morning Mac at McDonald's near the venue. The difference from Japan is that you put your own drinks."
American experience... Not too much difference with France!
There is always an mc, wherever you are. This place came to me just to buy me an ice cream and I kept walking until I reached the welcome sign for Las Vegas.
"Cheap fast food in lkas vegas, it doesn't get any better or worse than another mc donalds. If you come from the classic las vegas sign or the pinball museum, it is a 10 minute walk, so it is very practical.
When we went there were many homeless people outside the premises, they didn't bother us, but the amount was striking."
1 star because I can't put 0
"Today we had a very bad experience. We went on to grab 4 breakfasts. 3 were the same and one different. The three equal ones hurt the three people who ate it. And if since they did not deliver it we notice that the egg is the part of ariva. I was without sewing well

please be more careful. with food"
No soap, no towel, dirty floors, friendly service.
Greasy glass on the outside and quite greasy burger
"The employees seemed very unmotivated and unfriendly. But at least I was allowed to go to the toilet before I ordered. Since you can only get in here with a locator code or a key.
I thought it was a bit untidy here (trash on the floor) and some tables were not clean. I have to complain about that, hence the two star deduction, since cleanliness and hygiene are the top priorities in a restaurant.
The toilets were also a bit messy, but at least the bowl was clean so far.
I ordered a Cpy Buttermilk Chicken Burger which tasted very good.
************************************************** ****
The staff looked very unmotivated and unfriendly. Here I was at least allowed to go to the toilet before I ordered. Since you can only get in here using a locator code or a key.
I found it was a bit messy here (rubbish on the floor) and some tables weren't clean. Hence two-star deduction, since cleanliness and hygiene are the top priority in a restaurant.
The toilets were also a bit messy, but at least the bowl was so far clean.
I ordered a Cpy Buttermilk Chicken Burger that tasted very good."
Terrible attention, the employees ask them to place an order at the machines and they all go to talk in the kitchen. If you ask for something they yell at you and make a face at you.
Friendly staff, trying to help if you don't know much English (like me). The BigMc tastes like it does in Germany, but the DoppelBeff is incredibly tasty and the fat drips out, but you have to eat it when you're there
Bad store the fries were cold and the Big Mac was lukewarm. The coke from the dispenser tasted of metal. The MC promos didn't exist here. full price
The food tasted good but the cashier's attention was very bad, we had to check the order 3 times because she always delivered it incomplete
McD on the Strip Near Welcome Sign has two below-average features: a cattle barn-like atmosphere and employees who go down to the basement to smile. But the prices are world class.
This fast food restaurant chain offers, among its main products, hamburgers, French fries, breakfast menus, soft drinks, milkshakes, ice creams, desserts and fruit salads, service It is very fast and of very good quality.
In the USA, the bottom of fast food is just as low as here... Or a little better there. A Denny's or a Wendy's sells homemade burgers for this. Kar that there is not a single fast food chain in Hungary.
I like it, even though I know you can't always eat it. But I end up here several times a year.
Breakfast specials are good. The sausage burrito and sausage McMuffins with eggs are freshly cooked. Been wanting to try their spam eggs and rice but during our visit their rice cooker isn   t working so t
"This isn't your typical McDonald's. This place is located at Waikea Beach. So, there is a lot of foot traffic. It can get very busy here. There are signs all over asking you to limit your stay to 30 minutes. I've seen the line to order going front the order window to outside the door. But, there are kiosks available to order from.

Food consistent with one expects from this chain.

Nice Hawaiian music playing throughout the day on their sound system. ½"
"This place was serving good quality breakfast items at good prices. The speed of service was good but not the usual experience I have which is super fast. However it was a popular time of day.

There were spaces available although many people didn   t clean up after themselves so you had to do this yourself.

It "
I understand this is a very busy location but each time we have bee  there there were no pies and in a 2WEEK PERIOD NO ICE CREAM SHAKES ETC, In my opinion this is unacceptable! We ordered the limited time offer of McCrispy ranch sandwiches the chicken was over deep fried and almost un edible , finally kiosks were out of order except one and only one cashier. very disappointing, love McDonnalds.
"When I arrived at McDonald's, it was very crowded and a little less clean. Also, the machine was broken, so the waiting time was longer.
Umm ½ï¿½"
"Across the street from Waikiki Beach. Most restaurants in the area are upscale, full dining. If you want a quick bite on the go, this is the best option. Use the mobile app or kiosk to save time.
Probably one of the better McD   s I ½"
I went like four times in the morning in my vacation to get my coffee and Robert is a great guy always with a big smile on his face.    Hawaii needs more people with his same attitude.    The only sad part was!! I never was able to tried this pie!!
Okay, this is a gem in the middle of a super expensive Waikiki. You can order on the screen and pay, and just wait for your order to be called. They have great Americanos and Iced Coffees. Super great quality and cheap, not $8 for an Iced Latte like everywhere else. Amazing location. Crowded, of course, it is Waikiki, what do you expect.
Used the delivery to table option. Waited for 30 minutes.  When my food didn't come i walked up to the counter and ot had been sitting in the back for who knows how long. Trash was over flowing, they eventually locked the Mai. Entry door with no sign up to slow down the in coming customers (it was a busy night) I'm pretty sure this was a fire hazard.
dude. we ordered first yet we had to wait 30 minutes js to get our order, people who ordered after us got theirs before us. such a slow fast food restaurant. work better.
This is a convenient location but was unfortunately out of some Hawaii specific food items. The seating area was clean but the ordering area was congested. The breakfast platter is a must-try at any Hawaii McDonald's location. The coffee was also very good. All in all, this location is serviceable. If you can get to a different location, then do it.
Food is not served with Aloha here! Order machines don't work but you think they do until they you complete your order and it tells you that you have to queue to pay anyway! Food is typical macdonalds no complaints there but staff always seem to be annoyed!
A busy hot mess with all the dessert drinks sold out service is slow as ever.
"A Culinary Ode to McDonald's: The Epitome of Delicious and Affordable Dining

Never cease to amaze us with your consistently appetizing offerings, and your unwavering commitment to providing mouthwatering meals at unbeatable prices. A true beacon of fast-food excellence, McDonald's has reigned supreme for generations, and its legendary menu items have captured the hearts and taste buds of millions around the world.

One of the crowning jewels of McDonald's, their nuggets are nothing short of extraordinary. With a golden, crispy exterior and tender, juicy interior, these delectable nuggets are the epitome of culinary perfection. They are seasoned to perfection, giving each bite a harmonious blend of savory and flavorful goodness. It's no wonder that these little bites of heaven have become a staple in fast food history.

And let us not forget the pi ½ce de r ½sistance that is the Quarter Pounder ½ï¿½ld's dedication to providing affordable, high-quality dining experiences for all. Each bite of the Quarter Pounder boasts a succulent, juicy patty cooked to perfection, smothered in a tantalizing blend of cheese and crispy bacon. The mouthwatering aroma alone is enough to send my senses into overdrive.

Paired with a generous serving of their world-famous fries and a refreshing beverage, the Quarter Pounder with Cheese & Bacon meal is a steal at just $8.99. It's no exaggeration to say that McDonald's is making a significant charitable contribution to society by providing these scrumptious meals at such affordable prices. They are not just satisfying our hunger but also nourishing our souls with the joy and comfort that only their delicious food can bring.

So, to McDonald's, we raise our glasses (and our nuggets) in praise and admiration. Thank you for your unwavering dedication to quality, affordabilitynd the countless memories you've helped create around shared meals and moments of pure, palate-pleasing bliss."
Longer waits, to order and to get food. Food was good. Not many homeless people like most reviews suggested.
It's fast food, but for a quick meal after the beach or a reasonable price breakfast it's hard to beat within walking distance from hotel
Awesome spot with a great view but the staff don't seem to care about allowing the trash cans to overflow or all the crazy homeless hanging out on the patio
This is an ideal location across from Waikiki Beach, the tourist destination; however, is infested with homeless protected by the local police. Our drinks were stolen from our table as my children sat and waited for my wife and I to retrieve our order. We called a manager to pull video surveillance, which showed exactly which homeless person stole our drinks and called the police to file a theft report. The local police were completely useless, did not press any charges despite video footage, sided with the homeless thief and said if they arrested him that a thousand more would do the same thing. Really!? I received zero apologies or compensation from McDonald   s, the police I called, or the thief in the photo. In fact, the police apologized to the homeless thief for bothering him prior to leaving. The homeless thief remained in the restaurant. We will never eat here again despite the fact that we 
Limited menu here, especially the breakfast items. Food came out pretty fast though and was good.
Very busy location because literally everything else is touristy and expensive.  Food came pretty quick considering how many customers there were
We had breakfast here one morning. It's really busy, but they did a great job getting our food out quickly. Food was hot and tasted good.
Fast, cheap and close to the beach.  Cheapest food available that we could see.  If your looking for inexpensive food with no waiting times, this is it.
Hawaiian breakfast from McDonalds. Very tasty and economical. We ate breakfast there one day just to save a little while on vacation.
Cheap and very convenient for beach goers. The rice breakfast is very good if you are super hungry
Maybe the fastest McDonald   s I ½ï
Service is fantastic. They do a really good job serving soft serve (cone ice cream). And for some reason it   s cheape
Standard mcdonalds but with a spam egg and rice dish.
Wasn't mcd known for fastfood?  Had to wait in line for 25 minutes to order... the self order kiosks were not working. Then waited another 10 minutes to get my order for 2 coffees, hash browns and 2 mcmuffins.  SLOWFOOD!
The workers were so helpful to me. I had a very special need and they worked together to help me individually. These workers are awesome!!
I went here for my morning pina and I found it pretty delightful! The creaminess was slightly thinner than I was hoping and there was a palatable butternut squash undertone that was confusing my palette. Nevertheless, not bad for franchise pina. I ended up going to the Laylow a few blocks away and ordered 19 coladas, who were quite accommodating as we rolled dice in the corner.
No Mocha Frapoes?! Boohoo! Food here was dry, flavorless, no seasoning.  Homeless are camped right at entrance-smells like urine, trashy, alcohol smell, sorry but this ones a Yucky MickyD for sure.
Stopped here to get my daughter some dinner, fries came out hot and they were packed in, nuggets were good and Oreo McFlurry was good, my daughter was very pleased as another McDonald ½ï
"SLOW service. I ordered a spam egg over rice platter as soon as I arrived to the store and waited 20 min.

It was delish tho!"
No bathroom, what McDonald's has no bathrooms? Clearly an anti homeless measure. Instead of punishing the homeless maybe the city should search for a solution, and all the wealthy businesses of the area should contribute instead of sucking the city dry.
I bought quarter pounder w/ cheese and 2 Haupia pies, we get hone and i have 2 "apple pies" because they did not say they ran out of "Haupia Pies"!! Sad...
I love the McDonalds app it   s really good you just have to be close to check in so
It's better off ordering ahead on the app, but there is still a wait for food regardless. 13 minutes for 1 plain sundae.
Service was overall good and staff was friendly. I liked that this location had a touch of Hawaii to it compared to the typical ones you would see on the main land.
The day manager was aweful. We were staying at the Alohilani Resort and decided we just want a simple lunch.  We ordered a Mc nugget meal, 2 fish sandwiches and two pies.  The pies were reason we went there.  I got back to the hotel realized they weren't there. Went back she assured me she put 1 pie in the bag. I go back to the hotel find the reciept and my husband ordered two pies.  Instead of apologizing for error she said next time bring back the whole bag of food.  Obviously she knows nothing about the Aloha spirit which is prevalent all around the rest of the island.
"Very busy but tables were cleaned quickly and table service was quick, sausage and egg muffin was perfect and hash brown was crispy (probably the best I've ever had).
Not a great coffee selection but my fresh coffee with cream was good. Also its probably the cheapest breakfast for a few miles around here."
"I rarely eat fast food but yes it was open late and we needed food.
Only one ordering computer open, such a large restaurant limited to such a small area and no bathroom. Really makes no sense.
Super slow service and the people that come here are super questionable. One guy was so far gone I don   t think he knew he was at McDonaldï¿½ï¿½ï"
It was okay, the ice cream machine was down and service was slow, and they didn't seem to be in a hurry to please the customer,  but the food was decent
It was very different but we were ready for some fast food because we had been eating the food on the ship but what I found really odd is this place had no bathrooms I was thinking because they are so close to the beach just very strange
Worse location ever! Waited 35 min for our food, they kept saying it's coming up next which was a lie!! I even ordered on the app
I ordered a deluxe spicy chicken sandwich and not only did I get a regular chicken sandwich, but it was also burnt. I ordered 3 large and 1 medium french fries and I didn't receive any ketchup.
I can't believe they don't have public restroom! There was security that can monitor or only allow customers with receipts! Isn't it again health laws to not have a restroom?
Lady at cash register very confusing and charged for food not given. There is also no restroom. Food taste like McDonald's.
Slowest most incompetent McDonald's on earth. Don't waste your time here.
"Has a local menu. Food is good but service is non-existent here. You have machines which i used to select my order, however it takes forever to collect cash. You are positioned in the busiest place in town and yet the line doesn't move. I understand you have special needs working but that means their should be a 2nd person helping speed up the line up.  Went 2 different days and whether it's late night or morning, same situation.
Also.. You want to charge $0.50 for tap water. Never heard of a McD's charging for a cup of tap water before."
"I visited a McDonald's restaurant when I learned about the Hawaii local menu. I wanted to order a taro pie but it was not available. I even went to a different McDonald's but they still didn't have it. It seemed like they no longer make it.

I thought I would like Saimin but the soup was just way too salty. Hubby ordered a regular meal and it tasted the same as what we have in Canada."
12/5/19 = 1 star = spam and egg , love this combination , very look new and so busy . Bad thing is AC is leaking and no restroom . Need to have security to keep away homeless for digging the trash inside the store .
Wish every McDonald's had this breakfast, the deluxe combo with rice hits the spot. I recommend the haupia pies as well. They also do Hawaiian coffee. Wish they served this all day.
I feel like I'm in a disease front line Battlefront when there's no bathroom I mean what are they thinking about Public Safety are they thinking that not being sanitary is okay?
Came specifically for the Guava cream pies and they were amazing!
They can't seem to get orders right. Needs better signage to the self ordering kiosks.
Try their Spam, eggs & rice. Don't get that in Houston, Texas.
I know its a fast-food restaurant but i was happy with the visit. One of the fastest McDonald's I have ever been to. Great service with hot fries and good burgers. An excellent across the beach location.
Not open. Closed permanently. Make plans ahead of time and don ½ï¿½ï
"It's McDonald's... You know what you're gonna get. Lobby was closed at the hour we went but there were seating options out by the beach so that was fine.

Its nice to have somewhere cheap and quick to eat late at night because everything else that was open was sit-down and much pricier."
As any other McDonalds but here your have a view over waikiki. Too many weed smoking young people who travelled to the islands to become homeless
When you need that late night, wait, no! That wee hours of the morning, everything is closed cure, our go to place. They did a great job of clearing the homeless. Seen this place transform, still quaint but better than nowhere to go when everything is closed!
Maccas hawaii it is what it is, homeless guy was given left overs from from some random guy who ate at another restaurant. Got crispy chicken burger was good. Mahalo
Good spot for being in a busy spot. Be prepared to share space with the homeless here though. Nature of the beast. Food was hot and the order was on point. Cleanliness of facility was lacking. Didn't appear to be a dedication dining room professional. They'd probably need a few at this spot to keep up.
This McDonald's is across the street from Waikiki Beach. Don't forget to try the Hawaii only meals with Spam, rice and eggs! Prices are slightly higher than other McDonald's but A LOT cheaper than surrounding restaurants! Enjoy!
Great location to get a cup of coffee to kick start early in the day
Actually not bad for a McDonald's!
A plus this year, a security staff member in place. Neater, cleaner more efficient.
The people were so friendly and inviting there, especially the other customers. The workers were great, considering that they worked under such stressful conditions. 5 star restaurant, great price for dinner and a show! Totally recommend! The other customers have to have been the most friendly people that I have ever met. I saw this girl crying tears of joy at the table next to us. So heartwarming!
It's a McDonalds...  It's always busy, and the staff do their jobs, but no one's in a rush in Waikiki.
I would give 5 stars only for the coffee and soft serve they sell. I have had a better experience with McDonald's - customer service, product quality, and menu variety wise out of U.S vs. within the U.S. U.S market definitely needs improvement.
Need a better system for rush hour, waited almost an hour for breakfast.
Dirty, flies everywhere, staff that is not necessarily rude but were all doing the bare minimum. I get it, this is a busy location with a lot of tough customers but there was only one active register, all kiosks were off, screen was broken and not displaying correctly. 80% of the restaurant was closed and everyone was packed like sardines. It's the one if the only things available late around here though so you kinda have to just make do. Oh and ofc the ice cream machine was broken :)
"Right across from the beach, it's a really nice location. Great to grab something quick to have on the sand.
The fried pies... especially the taro kind... Are far superior to other McDonald's pies."
40 mins and still waiting for our food, I   m sorry to say but McDonald in 3rd world countries don   t make me wait this long... I ordered at 9:16 pm and it   s 9:51 rn as I ½
So many tourists and residents! This place has awesome employees! We used app and we didn't wait too long. Clean!
The food was delicious. I tried the spam, egg and rice meal it was so good. The service was great.
Food was good, my tip is take away, eat across the road at beach, staff are friendly and efficient. Shame the dining area has a negative atmosphere.
In terms of fast food in this particular area this McDonalds was my go-to choice, and they have some unique menu items occasionally such as the McTeri, which I liked.
Killer an affordable place to get your grub on you need to get the local brkfest  ½ï
Right in front of Waikiki Beach  ½ï
"Nice place  beach front
For quick snacking
Front view from facilty"
Standard run of the mill McDonalds. Lots of disgusting homeless everywhere though.
The service is quick, and the workers are friendly.  Never had any issues here.  Only kindness.  Love McDonald's because the food is tasty, and the prices are right.  In Hawaii they serve a local breakfast with Portuguese Sausage and Rice.  The Ice Coffee is only $1 if you use the deal on the app.  Comes in different flavors.
Just grabbed a coffee in the morning. Bit of a wait but all good.
Very convenient and cheap place to eat. Compared to other McDonald's, this one has unique breakfast plates.
Very bad service. The attitude of a female staff is terrible. If you don ½ï¿½ï
During our stay in Waikiki, We always order for our boys happy meals. With each purchase, only 1 ranch was placed in 1 happy meal.When we asked for the other happy meal, we were told that is 1 ranch per customer no matter how many happy meals you buy. We went back and purchased the two happy meals separately to get 1 ranch in each box!
Had to use the kiosks and that's not the best way to order for me.
This isn't the typical cosy McDonald's. When handing over the ice cream corn, my wife did not catch well and dropped it on the counter. Although the server gave us another one, he didn't show the pleasure face, but some madness in his face. Definitely not the McDonald's I knew.
Definitely seems par for the course in the "new" Hawaii. Service was horrible. Staff acts like you're asking them to pull their teeth out when you try to give an order. Asked for 2 sundaes, got 1. Asked for bbq sauce, got 1. Asked for a second d one and they acted as if they take it out of her check. Seems the "Aloha" of Hawaii is melting away fast from their local businesses. Fries taste like fish.... very disappointing
Its been awhile since I last  eat at McDonald's  and so I thought I'd  go in and have a Big Mac, when I ordered  she repeated  one Big Mac, 40 minutes  later they called  my number  it wasn't  a Big  Mac,  it was a crispy chicken, so the manager came and recognized the  problem  then went  away ,the cashier told me  if I want my money back I would have to  get back in that first line. So now I'm  kinda  hot,  then about  3 minutes  later the manager was waving a bag from the  counter at me , so I walk up  and she said  heres your Big Mac sir, let me tell you  that was the tastiest  Big Mac I've had in  years!
"Seems like, they always makes some mistakes when they get busy   

Rough way to complete there sandwiches   

Sauce was spilled out from box and made lots of mess   

Forgot to put bbq sauce for nuggets "
Convenient to the east end of Kalakaua Ave. Long line in the morning for breakfast. Staff friendly and they can/will deliver to your table--which is the only reason I gave it 4 stars. Complaints: homeless person racked out at one of the tables; some tables smelled  (my 4-yr-old granddaughter asked me if we could move). Nonetheless, that was just one area so if you gotta go to McDonald's while visiting this end of Waikiki, it's a good choice. Picky's Tip: there are self serve kiosks up near counter. So if in long line, check them out--for some reason people were not using them. Saved at least 15 minutes and that's how you get table delivery.
Lost McDonald's in Honolulu, if you can avoid going here I would. The staff are rude and very cheap. I ordered 2 spicy chicken meals and our burgers weren't even in the bun everything was all over the place. When I asked the girl there for more sauce since we had 2 burgers and 2 fries but she said they don't give it. I went to the McDonald's 2 mins aways yesterday and they gave me as many sauces as I needed without charge. I would suggest walking the extra 5 mins and going to the other McDonald's its worth it. Avoid this staff rude and cheap.
"Everytime I visit Waikiki for a vacation this mc Donald   s milkshake and ice cream machine never works!!!
This has been ongoing"
Pretty long wait but consistent good food
Busy but good the staff was getting the orders out quickly. Had a small issue but they fixed it without even asking.
Typical McDonald ½ï¿½ï
Kiosks all broken. Long line. One person working check out. Slow and bad experience
Says it's open 24 hours and I walked to get a bite at midnight and seeing     it closed at 12am
"May I suggest that vegetarians steer clear of the egg & cheese muffin in Honolulu.
McDonald   s do not state on their menu board that they slip bacon into it and when I complained the staff  member informed me that I should stated no bacon. However, when I drew her attention to the board not showing bacon added she just clammed up. I have purchased the egg & cheese muffins in many countri"
Its hit or miss at this location, some time the staff is friendly and sometimes they arent so friendly but I can understand it is a high traffic area because of tourist but we are all human. We get burnt out. The app is great by the way.
The million dollar sunset views from the patio are phenomenal!
Same good old McDonald's food plus local favorites like the Portuguese breakfast that has rice, sausage and eggs. Everything is overpriced to sync with the high rent in Waikiki. There are a good number of beach bumps that hang around here without buying anything. And they smell like they haven't showered in days. Hey guys, there are free showers outside.
I eat here often. It's always fairly crowded with tourists, but the service is usually pretty fast. There are no public restrooms, but the dining area is kept clean.
Longer wait than I'm used to but touchscreen computers to place orders are pretty high tech and handy.
"The food was hot and just as I ordered it.
Remember they are busy. I used the app to order me and my wife   s breakfast. It took about 20 minutes. Remember to thank the workers for working. They could probably make more money with unemployment benefi"
Wow this is just a scary place , lots of unwell homeless people.  Unkept dirty place. Garbage bins overflowing.
No restrooms, there is no place to wash your hands!
The manager Wesley shouldn   t be leading a team, the young guy obviously has lots to learn about customer service, manners, and common courtesy. We walked up to the counter where he was standing. Right when we were about to ask to order he simply walked away quickly without giving us any acknowledgement or finding someone else to help us in lieu.
Great location
I had a number 1 chicken sandwich  with fries and shake the sandwich didn't  have anything on it just the chicken  it was suppose  to come with tomato , mayo. Lettuce and sauce but jt had nothing  on it and i have that sandwich  at 2 to 3 ti.ed a week. Sorry.
Ordered... Air, Land, Sea.  For being consistent of a Big mac, Fillet O Fish, Mcchicken, then using the polymerization card on them... That... Wasn't half bad.  Service was fast, but just can't sit down and eat, which is what I was hoping after some surf and swim at the beach.
Fast service and we ate something different.
Quick service even though it's packed. Tastes like McDonald's with a nice view.
Fast service and a great option after the beach.
Fries had a soft old feel, nuggets not crispy, chicken burger was brownish and stale, this was 2am but others on this island at this time are way more fresher. So nahhhh
It's Rotten Ronald's. Salt and fat are the only flavours.
I mean it is a McDonald's. However there is no bathroom.
Situated right in front of the Kuhio beach at a street corner with inside and outside tables, it is a good place to order your morning breakfast at a quality you know and a price you like from McDonald.
It's the only place open early morning.  We all know Mcd"s.
Cheap and cheerful and with a good view. In expensive places like this I'm grateful for McDonald's keeping it simple.
Great. Pity about the homeless going through the outside bins for food. So bad I brought a meal for one eating a discarded bit of pineapple.
Pretty standard fair...nothing to write home about...bit more for items cause we're on the strip...have a couple of local dishes...saimin and eggs and spam for breakfast...
Rude staff. No public restrooms. Charge $1 for cup of water.
Usually fast service and accurate on my orders. Very busy and long line from 7am-10am. On the mountain side of The street/strip on Waikiki Beach so it ½ï¿½
Worst service ever!!!!! Class CLOWNS ï¿½ï
This place has horrendous CUSTOMER SERVICE! They are SLOW, RUDE, DISRESPECTFUL AND THEY DISCRIMINATE! Not a lot of lower cost food options in area but be aware this is what to expect!
A visitor from Australia (and McDonald's worker), it was amazing, service was quick, the restaurant was clean, the food quality was great. I will 100% be coming back before I go home
Had breakfast here twice while staying close by. Very busy location but got through pretty quickly considering the volume of people. Order was correct, hot and fresh.  Nothing to complain about here.
Mostly the same as any other MDs, fast, eat-in or Togo, but remember it's next to the beach, so it's a bit more sandy and humid.
My Husband had to eat at the McDonald's in Honolulu he was happy to see they had one and the price was right and the service was great.
"Fast service for me...have a type of kiosk to order...

only thing is they don't have restrooms  or at least I didn't find them  "
South end of shopping areas. Can be a bit crazy with people being it's location across the street from public beach
The restaurant is across the road from the beach. The building is very plain with one small sign above the main entrance door. The restaurant was clean the employees were constantly busy keeping the tables clean and emptying the trash bins. The orders can be placed at the kiosk or at the counter.  The orders are returned fast. There is plenty of seating space.
Located right on Waikiki Beach so it's usually pretty busy. But my experience has been that the service is usually quick, and the food is good. Best not to go after hours or late into the night, so be warned about that!
"Nice and clean.
You can see Pacific Ocean and banyan tree over the window.
It's awesome  experience.
They serve white rice on ""Big breakfast""
I never expected.
New kiosk for fast order.
Overall wonderful place.
Oh I forgot.
They has pineapple pie instead of apple pie.
It's so good too."
Hawaii Beach front McDonald's yes please
Was very busy. Skip the line by ordering online through the app. Make sure take your order to-go because the lobby is nasty.
Do not go here. Tried 2 days in a row. Did not go there. Cannot get your order right. Drink machine does not work
This time of the night was actually a lot better as far as service wise &' how long it took us to get our food. It wasn't busy at all, the touch screen kiosk thing really does help out a lot to be honest because the lines inside of any McDonald's can get real hectic &' cause long lines &' end up with a bunch of irritated customers.
Try their Hawaiian style breakfast you can   t get in regular USA, I came here when I was on the beach for their soft served ice cream 
Busy McDonald   s but good location. They can get busy here and the wait can be long. 
You know it's McDonald's.. convenient and not pricy.
I went to McDonald's at 12 AM and ordered my food online. When I got there I waited about 13 minutes I believe. So I walked up to the cashier and asked about my food and noticed my number still didn't come up. I was shocked to find out that their computer  was down and my order was not there so they made my order right away even though there was a line of people at least 10 long. I go there quite often and they remember me.  I felt so blessed and thankful that they treated me so well even
We used the touchscreen order board and circumvented the line! Our food was brought to us fairly quickly. I really enjoyed my scrambled eggs, rice and Portuguese sausage. Coffee was great as usual.   My wife really liked her order that included Spam.   We sat outside and watched the people walk by, and gazed over at Waikiki beach. Highly recommended!
Great clean environment. Mask or optional, no wait in line they have kiosk where you can order food and they bring it to your table for you.
I usually avoid McDonalds like the plague, but I'd be lying if I said I didn't make an acceptation with this one. I only ever got coffee but it was not bad, I'm typically quite picky but for a dollar I got a few during my stay. I enjoyed the interesting people that would come in through-out the day and also the less fortunate in the late hours. Good conversations and the staff where pretty chill about the homeless most nights. They are people too. We only got kicked out one night, but there was many of us just sleeping to be fair. I appreciated the genuine staff. <3
Standard mcdonalds food, A lot of homeless people especially in the morning
Ordered  some breakfast and three extra milks never received   The three milks Let   s be honest how hard is it to work at McDonald ½
"DO NOT eat here!

They need to retrain their staff on safe food handling. Not our first choice, but we had just landed from a 9-hour flight, and it was the only place without a line out the door. Don't take this to mean their service is fast; it's not.

My husband was food-poisoned (probably undercooked meat) on the first night of our honeymoon. Our first night and day was spent in the hotel room with him getting sick. The next day, we went back to tell the manager, and she couldn't have done or cared less."
Most beautiful McDonald in the world.
So good so fast but no bathroom
It's literally off of wakiki beach,  so its very convenient. Food is actually not bad, I forgot to try their spam meal, but other than that I had a pleasant time there the employees are pretty nice and the food was always nice and hot. They don't have bathrooms which I thought was weird, especially since the building looked new. We came here almost every day because it was close to our airbnb.
this was great, but however, the workers did not approve of my orange hair and constantley called me ranga. - sophie allem
Waited for over 30 min for 2 ice cream cones and 4 pies. They need more workers
Extremely disapointing. Skip the line didn't have pay working at time of ordering, got lucky with the counter for it to be empty so we could pay right away. Let me order something that wasn't available and didn't ask if something else was okay, just changed it. No unsweetened tee either but would let you order.
Stopped in for a quick  bite to eat, I couldn't get  breakfest  because  they said they stop serving  breakfest at 11:00 am. And  so I enjoyed  a Big Mac with my morning  cup of coffee,  and a ice water, by the way its now .50cents for a cup of  water.
It's McDonald's by the beach and has spam and rice.  For that it gets an extra star.
This is garbage service. Asked for two sauces they said only one sauce per order. No matter how many items you order. Nonsense! Go somewhere else. Price is not even that low.
This place is crowded.  Located right on the popular Waikiki strip, it's a familiar, inexpensive and one would think, a quick go-to, however you will wait a good 15-20 minutes for your fast food.  Oh, and   NO   BATHROOMS  :(
"The biggest seller to me is that it is open 24 hours a day.  It helps to have somewhere to go eat when your biological clock is ahead of the local time and you wake up hungry.  The food was hot.  The drink was cold.  Service was great.

During my visit, there were two vagrants got into an argument by the main entrance.  One parked his belongings and entered, while the second one exited and began to rifle thru them.  A few cuss words and flung arms in gesturing and the situation calmed down.  The staff observed for an outcome prior to engaging, so I am going to assume that this has occurred before and they got the handle on it."
First visit service and food were good, HOWEVER on returning the next day for an afternoon snack they    lost    our paid for order and then proceeded to QUESTION the validatin
When you go to pick up a meal, you tell her politeness many times. She doesn't pay any attention to you at all, and she's very impolite, so she can't hear you. How can such employees work in McDonald's.
New chicken sandwiches are tasty and priced reasonably.  Only recommendation is some kind of sauce or mayo be added to this sandwich.  Kind of bland and dry.  The spicy chicken sandwich is too hot and also should have mayo added.
This McDonald's location can get pretty busy. Some of the meal and specific item prices are higher than other locations, but that's to be expected. Service is good and fast. Good spot to grab an ice cream cone on a hot day!
Location packed due to being within waikiki as a result of this it is recommended to order ahead via the app! Line can take 10minutes or more! And can be stressful. Burger packs offered.
Very affordable and much yum ï¿½ï
Where else are you going to go to have a cheap breakfast.
I downgraded my review because up a cash machine. It says skip the line use these machines to order. But then it says it's not taking cards. So you have to stand in line anyway. I live in the neighborhood and this has happened a lot at this location. Frustrating!
Very busy and chaotic but the staff were efficient and kind. The place was tidy and we'll kept. Food was great as usual.
Terrible manager tonight!  Ordered two fries, one was ready right away, the other had to be fried and then made me wait for the other fries and gave me one cold order and one fresh.  All would have been done at same time if she had paid attention to her customers!
One of the worst McDo I have visited. Brown lettuce, wet chicken. Bad service. At least, the place is clean.
Nice View - SurfbBreak Across the Street, Friendly Service - but No Restrooms!
Slowest fast food joint in the world. Took 45 minutes to get an egg McMuffin on a Wednesday at 9am.
Cheapest place to eat at the Ocean front.  I would grab a sandwich and fries walk across the street and watch the sun set, they have benches. You can't sit inside with Covid, but why would you is you can have a view of the ocean while eating.
Service is fast; restaurant is clean despite the amount of visitors
Surprisingly efficient McDonalds! We ordered from the kiosk and opted for the table service. We ordered a whole breakfast and someone came by after 5 minutes despite the long line! Note, there's no washroom here so beware! The workers here were constantly cleaning the tables which was great. Definitely one of the best McDonalds I've ever been to!
Slowest employees ever.  They are the most inefficient group of workers. Feel bad cause they   re older and look like they are kind of trying..  But everyone in line was frustrated af.
Your Covid rules are ridiculous! In your effort to keep everyone safe you bunch everyone up either ordering or waiting for their food. Your restaurant is plenty big to separate people out use it!
"Ate here a few times... don't judge me... I have an 11 year old!! Lol... you know what you're getting with McDonalds and you knew they'll eat it. Food was good.

Service a little slow... due to coming out of COVID-19 no doubt."
Really good service, great option if you don't want to pay a lot for food.
"This location is right on the beach. Photos are from the beach looking away from the ocean. Always crowded lots of tourists. They have the new self order kiosks. I recommend using them. Nice place to sit and watch the beach goers. Save me a seat! They used to film Hawaii Five-o quite a lot at this spot. (Also seen in the photo is a warning sign for the filming area.)
No restrooms. There are some on the beach about 1 1/2 blocks towards diamond head."
Very slow..but clean and wide area to eat in..all in all par for Waikiki..
The main reason for the 1 star is the overnight lady that works the cash register is extremely rude has a terrible attitude. I live close by and the time before i last i went she was very rude that time as well also that occasion my nuggets were cold so this time i asked for them to be made fresh upon asking i recieved a dirty look rolled eyes and a grunt the next time i go if shes rude again i will get her name and do another review
No soda and asked manager about it and she replied there was none and walked away, there was only Powerade and orange fanta
This is a very very very busy location. They only have one register open and they want to push you to using the kiosks. So for a fast-food you stand there waiting waiting waiting waiting waiting to take your order then waiting waiting waiting waiting to get your food no longer fast food you might want to think about going somewhere else. Also they're doing nothing with the homeless with your kind of occupying most seats. Very disappointing but I blame this on corporate because corporate needs to get involved.
Clean. Good and fast service. As accessible as any small McDonald's. Nice stop between the beach and the hotels. The most inconvenient and unexpected thing, however, is the lack of a public washroom. Disinfectant wipes are provided by the doors.
Very popular but as always, you know what you're going to get the world over! The trouble with this one is that filthy dirty homeless people (sorry, but they are - Waikiki you need to clean up your act) are allowed  to go and sit in there without buying anything and staff let them do it. It is very pleasant.
Clean prompt service, usual fare.
I ran here to grab my wife some breakfast one morning. We had grown tired of the spam sushi and other Hawaiian "delicacies" and wanted some good ol' fast food breakfast. I ordered the hot cake meal and a McGriddle. I returned to the hotel to find they didn't give me syrup. Upon returning, they tried to charge me a quarter for the syrup they forgot.
It used to be nice and warm inside. Now it is cold inside and therefore not warm, not welcoming.  Homeless people went in to refill and a crazy lady took a rag to pretend she works there, moving a rag right and left near where the cold drinks are
Just grab some ice coffee and a sausage mcmuffin to go. No drive thru but they do have kiosks to order from. We wanted to try the ube and hapiua pie but they were eternally sold out thr week we were there :(
bring spam to the mainland, you cowards
Very busy, staff does a good job.   Suggest order ahead.
"Food was great. Even sandy bottoms. You know , from SpongeBob? She came on me
in the bathroom. ANYWAYS, the food was great, I like to move it move it , I like to move it move it, kanechuwa. The 2.99 coke? MMMMMMMM"
Awful service. We waited 25 mins from ordering our food to actually getting it. Staff were extremely unhelpful
Went after midnight, had a decent line. Service was slow. Server could barely speak English which made other customers irritated (that I observed). Fries were barely salted as I watched them take it out the fryer. They also barely filled them up to it's full capacities. I dumped my medium and my friends large and they were both small in size. Chicken nuggets tasted like cardboard. Mcchicken had too much mayo. Sucks Mcdonalds....
Quick meal Waikiki. Across the street from beach.  Outside seating incredible view
"New kiosk to order from instead of standing in a line to order, is a fantastic idea.
Accuracy of orders picked up is a whole different issue. Constantly having to ensure all food ordered are in fact in the bag, is quite annoying."
Fast service and completion of order, pleasant staff(all female), nice location next to the beach. Some homeless people in there with their belongings on the tables at far back. Mostly keeping to themselves.
I went late at night at 3am and I guess their registers were being counted or something, so they manually calculated everyone's order at the time.  All in all this one cashier is a complete idiot!!!! she gave me the wrong change even after I corrected her, but she didn't care.  Had to speak to another employee and then the "manager" to get my correct change.  4 people with similar orders received their orders before I did and then again I had to bring it up for them to realize I've been waiting.  Worst experience ever and never going to that cashier again!!!!!!!
Great food, decent service, good prices. Short wait so you ½
Excellent well worth going to
"Had an interview with the manager Barbra the experience was phenomenal from the moment I walked in the atmosphere of the room was very light and forgiving. With tourist busily and undecidedly wandering about, and workers happily and busily taking orders and cleaning common areas. I learned a lot about McDonald's as a company. They have so many opportunities for their employees. I was truly blown away
By how amazing it could potentially be for me to work under a fast food restaurant that gets so much backlash from media and my own friends. Five stars for me  ½ï¿½ï¿½"
It's a McDonald's eat at one and you've eaten at them all. Don't really ever frequent fast food joints unless it's my last resort. For being the last resort it ok
If you're planning on eating their allow enough time to stand in line. I've been there the last two days service is very slow. The chicken McNuggets tasted like a fish sandwich. And if you going to eat make sure you go to the bathroom because there are no bathrooms at this facility. I think they should just shut it down
The SPAM and rice at this McDonald's are fantastic. Recommend avoiding the portuguese sausage. I also really loved the pineapple pies (deep-fried, not baked) when they were available for a limited time. The new buttermilk tenders are great and I love their honey mustard. Why can't Canada have nice things?
"All right, orders been wrong three out of three times. I'm just going to go to the one on kuhio

Update: order was wrong a fourth time and it took them three tries to get me a taro pie"
Place was crowded but we got a table to sit at without any problems. The only downside was that the machines where you could self order at the kiosk were all down.
"Huffy/puffy employees with an attitude that will NOT listen. I specifically asked for seasoned fries three times while ordering, and then asked if she would give me the packets now (as they usually do) and she said I'd get them with my order. I did not. Had to wait for the woman to come over again (with the next order) to ask for seasoning and she walked away before I could specify the flavor (ranch). Handed me a random flavor (cheesy) and walked away again. Had to wait for her to serve the next order to ask for ketchup.

Overall very unorganized and chaotic service. A very loud, crowded, and dirty location with no bathrooms.

I understand the employees are busy and under a lot of stress but the management needs better crowd control and to hire more employees to handle the work load and provide better customer service."
Transient folks were arguing in the store..cussing and offending all who were there.  If u didnt have 90 cents..they would cuss at you.  I know the ladies that worked there felt helpless.  Need to have security protect paying customers.
Late night meal choice was ok. Tried the new chicken sandwich was really good. You could only do take out.
Kind of a bummer that they still don't have dine in available. But it helps that it's right across from the beach so you can walk there and eat by the ocean!
Wish i could give this place 0 stars..Computers go down everynight at the same time and slows service. This has been happening for the last 10 years. The after hours employees are zombies.... Very slow and unaware of whats going on in the place. Trash cans are left over flowing and customer service is 0.. Have a good talk with your night manager. Remember McDonald's is a part of the service industry.... i love McDonald's but myself and my friends will never set foot into this one again.
Fast service. The lunch box specials were great.
McFlurry is not properly done. The management could really put more effort into training the employees
It's alright. Although they need to upgrade on a few features especially public restrooms, even Burger King (in Waikiki Beach), is way smaller than McDonalds on Kalakaua, and it has bathrooms. What I dislike the most is when the employees forget my order, and then gives me missing pieces of the order, for example, you would order a Big Mac, 20 piece chicken nuggets, and a soft drink, and then they forget your chicken nuggets. And don't tell me you didn't experience this, all my years in Waikiki and yet they fail to exceed my order.
Mcds is wat it is. In some more trying times in my life mcds was literally a lifeline so I have to give them props. Although eating only mcds will legitimately be fatal after a month straight do not attempt.
True to their word they're open 24/7 and it's hot and fresh. Thank you!
Limited menu, expensive beach location without a public bathroom.  They make a huge deal about fresh pineapple with value meals but forgot to give it to us.  Very young and disorganized staff. Not what I expected from a mcdonalds!
Got breakfast here and it was as expected from McDonald's. Even with it being busy, got my food pretty quickly.
Breakfast was good here in the morning as it was nice and fresh and hot. A few days later we tried it out for dinner and it was mediocre at best.
The worst McDonald's I ever been too. Not enough workers and, waited 40 minutes on my food, and the order was wrong. This is suppose to be FAST FOOD.
This was a pretty nice McDonalds, beach view, kona blend iced coffee was amazing, they have local foods and fresh cut pineapple. There were a lot of people but barely a line and we got our order pretty quick compared to a lot of McDonald's. Just visiting the area but I'll have to get another kona blend iced coffee before I go, cant get those in California
They served us a RAW McChicken burger. I assumed McDonalds used standardized equipment to ensure all food is properly cooked prior to serving it to customers. Absolutely disgusting. I would highly recommend checking your food from here before eating it, as consuming raw meat can lead to very serious food borne illnesses. I've never been more disgusted, ugh.
This is by far the cheapest place to eat at Waikiki beach. Unfortunately, that also makes it a very attractive spot for all the drug addicts and homeless of the city. While I generally don't mind homeless people, eating next to a meth addict on a bad trip is not the most pleasant experience. Not one star since you can get sick full for 5$.
The line was quick and dine in was open. You have to wait to be seated so they can clean the tables because of COVID.
Slow. I only come here for Diet Coke, and they take forever. Wish that they would speed it up for drink only orders. Always people loitering inside, and homeless loitering outside.
No bathrooms. Lines for cashier is ambiguous.,  Mentally ill homeless use cups from the garbage to use soda fountain. And loiter in dining room. Mentally ill harras dining costomers.  Good thing is coffee is great.
Terrible mobile app took over $245 for three happy meals and they wouldn   t even give my kids the happy meal while treating me (8 month pregnant l
Most of the time there is a line here but if you are staying at a surrounding hotel. This is one of the cheapest options to get quick food. Very friendly staff.
Think McDonald's on the beach.  They do offer local specials like spam, eggs and rice.  Very efficient operation.  Lots of people but the line moves very fast.  Must have great management.
"THIS MCDONALD'S DOESN'T HAVE A WASHROOM!

    I don't eat at restaurants without facilities where I can wash up before eating and I can't believe that not having facilities isn't in violation of a health department bylaw.

This is a restaurant; not a food truck.

The l""street people"" out than their customers' comfort."
Over run by homeless people, could use a security guard.  People are always taking cups out of the trash can and stealing soda from the fountains.  Ocean front seating is super nice though.
No bathrooms, very long wait times
Employees are rude as heck.  Why so angry?  Maybe because their boss is a red headed cliwn?
Don't do it! I got a sausage, egg and cheese mcmuffin and I swear it had to have been from breakfast the day before! It was so hard and nasty; not edible. The fries were made right in front of us and even those tasted old. Save your money and go elsewhere. Probably have to say this is the worst McDonalds I've ever been to.
Service here is real slow and they are not short handed and I only ordered 2 drinks. Order takers and person that seats you are the only high points to this McDonald's.
I never expect much from mcdonalds. They always seem to be dirty and have terriblecustomer service. After visiting so many places and stores on this trip, i guess i assumed they would be on par from the experience i seemed to get all over the island. Nope. Typical mcdonalds. Workers who act like they will die if they have to be polite or have to go out of their way to help. I understand this is cheap fast food but i just dont get how they can all be so crappy
O really liked it here.  Just like all the other ones at home but with Hawaiian food one the menu. The taro pies are to die for.  The day I left,  I bought 2 dozen to bring home
Terrible service during the night shift. On each visit it took more than 10 minutes to receive food. On one occasion my double quarter pounder meat and bun was charred and barely edible.
Cheapest place to eat on the road.  Only could order in the restaurant and then had to leave. Would have made more sense to have the seating open because everyone gathers in a huddle waiting for food. Just not a great process.
Even though its very busy at times, you won't wait too long for your order.
This McD's seemed to be shorthanded, but worked hard to get it done. We were told by an employee that eventually that McD's would be self order on those machines, and all employees would work in kitchen.  No counter ordering. How sad and so impersonable. We want people to talk to not machines.
They have outside seating (beware of the pigeons) and tourists staring, and beggars right outside McDonalds. But overall, it's McDonald. We didn't wait too long to order food and it was packed with tourist which is cool because it's in Waikiki. They also have a kiosk(right word?) to order food if you don't want to wait in line. Alot of seatings in McDees for groups or individuals. No public bathroom though, beach nearby though with lots of restrooms (closed at night).
"Food was average.
Understaffed.
Too noisy."
Busy, but not as busy as the other breakfast spots. Great if you want a quick meal on the cheaper side.
No matter what time of day you wwil see maybe 5 people working in whole store. Usually  one or less (gone for 5 minutes?) cashier working the front. Orders take excessive amount of time fullfill. Thats if you even get what you ordered! This is the slowest Macdonalds I have ever been to in my life.
Excellent location on the beach, I just walked away n with towel and barefeet with all my kids, cheapest food in all of Waikiki, I can't offer to take my family in other exotic eating place around here,
"Have to say for a McDonalds in the Waikiki area it could of been alot better self serve kiosk were not working lines where long because only 1 caisher was up front when they had 3 tills and couldent see a public bathroom in the place

Food was a real disappoint asked for extra bacon and remove stuff but when I got back to our place to eat it was just the default of what the burger was

Sorry would give more but place needs as little work it could be understaffed idk but its could be alot better"
The food was good but the old lady taking orders was just straight up disrespectful. I don't know who hurt her but it's like she takes her anger on customers. Very impatient.
At this location on April 19th 2020 around 10:30am I ordered a Caramel Frapp and when I got it they grinded up blue peices of plastic inside the drink I accidentally drank some and returned it to the McDonald's. I got a call from Gallager Bassett I guess they are mcdonalds insurance company but the lady refused to give me any money after they blended plastic in my drink I hav
Two conditions gives this McDonald's only 1 star: 1.- Customers chit-chat loudly and management permit them to be disruptive. If you want a quite place to enjoy a meal 'this is not it.' 2.- Third World Countries female employees also shout and yell to communicate with each other, and they treat American customers as "I can do anything I want and you have no recourse."
Service is painfully slow, even when it's not busy. Staff have no sense of urgency. Customers regularly ask for refund after waiting too long for their orders. Expect to wait 15-25 minutes just to get your order.
The worst McDonald's have ever been In My Life the stuff are rude
My wife and I went to this McDonald's while on vacation in Waikii. The person taking my order apparently did not understand English as she totally screwed up my order. I dont ask much, just be able to understand what I'm saying, Hawaii is still in America after all. The food was as expected, Ok at best. But that our first and only trip there.
Staff are super rude and uninterested/unmotivated. Got our order wrong a few times which is fine, but it's all in the way you go about it. Restaurant itself was clean enough which was good.
Ordered breakfast for son before school..loves the "bacon egg and cheese biscuit"  Breakfast meal.
Super busy which is understandable given the location. Currently only open for take out. Oh well...
One of the best restaurants ever right . I mean McDonald's is the g.o.a.t.lol thank you McDonald's
The busiest McDonald   s I   ve ever 
They was really busy and all we ordered was french fries and took 18 mins. They have plenty of self order machine but they could not keep up with the flow of traffic and tables was not clean.
"I don't know what is about fast food in Hawaii. Maybe it's the relaxed lifestyle here, but the time from  ordering at McDonald's (or burger King for that matter) to actually receiving the good takes an awful long time
The staff however are nothing but courteous."
Still great fries ï¿½ï
Discalmer, I'm not a big fast food fan. With that said this location was well kept and clean. They had native Hawaiian meals that gave this location some character.
The employees were rude and they messed up my order. At one point I walked up to a woman to ask for a take out bag and she looked right at me and walked off.
Just gotta lurve Maccy D's
Coming from the UK this was my first experience of a Spam, egg and rice breakfast... and I loved it. Great place to grab an iced coffee. Very clean with friendly service!
I eat here on a daily basis and have endured many of the rude employees unprofessional remarks and looks to me and other customers.  Especially late night with one employee in particular who practically throws the food at people. Today one of the McDonald's employees that wears the name tag as trainer was extremely short and rude talking to me like I was a child regarding a game piece prize claim.  I'll always go to McDonald's because of the great food and good prices despite the lack of quality employees.  I ABSOLUTELY PREFER WALKING TO THE KUHIO AVE LOCATION...FAR MORE PROFESSIONAL STAFF WHO SMILE AND WORK HARD.  ONLY ONE GROUCHY MANAGER AND ONE GROUCHY EMPLOYEE AT KUHIO...But two wonderful ladies from India (I think) and one from Micronesia.
Average McDonald's with your standard lack of cleanliness, fair prices and mediocre food.
McDonalds is McDonalds. Nothing fancy. My food got to me fast.
Convenient but pricy compared to obes right outside waikiki. Sitting outside is a nice view apart from the local bums begging for change while you eat. Workers barely speak english and understand so you have to be very stern and precise or else they try to get you to buy something more expensive..example.. I went in for a hash brown and sausage mcmuffin sandwich which is only $3. Girl was adamant about selling me the meal which was $5 something for a drink added on. Use the android app and save lots of money.
Meh the place usually has a line, free refills and free  Wi-Fi.  Most meals come with PINEAPPLE but its 2.00 extra.  At the time of order simply ask for no PINEAPPLE and the meal.price will be cheaper.  If you forgot to ask for no PINEAPPLE in most cases they give you an apple pie.
Front desk was rude, 30 mins from order to get food. Typical for Waikiki.
There is a machine where you can order and pay instead of waiting in line. It serves breakfast all day and is really clean. Loved the fruit punch
The people were really nice, and the menu was different from what we have back home (ie pineapple with every meal and you can order saimin) but i couldn't find the restroom..
MacDonald's Waikiki was terrible.  Once food was ordered we had a long wait to get the food   The hot chocolate was made of syrup and had no flavour.  Also no bathroom facilities.
Came here twice while in Hawaii, both times I waiting over 20 mins to get my food. Both times all I got was some fries and a burger. Place smells terrible from the homeless that they allow to hangout here. Stay away if possible
It's expensive for a McDonalds (because we are 3,000 miles from the mainland) but it is still probably the lowest-priced food here.
Luv it. TAROT pie goodness
Well it is typical McDonalds, nothing more, nothing less. However the location run out of large size cup for soda, only had medium or small, which I really wanted the large one because I was planning to head to a  beach to eat my lunch... so, I was already disappointed at this point, but well things happens so I just let it go. Then I pour sprite, grabbed the burgers walked to the beach and finds out that my sprite didn't have any syrop.... so pure club soda... that was so sad....
Fast service, hot food, ample seating area. Only drawback in no bathroom.
Worst McDonald's on earth. Manager is terrible. Bad service. They are only mak money because of the location. I sent in a complaint 6 days ago and asked someone to contact me. No one ever did. THEY DON'T CARE ABOUT THE CUSTOMER
Good spot for McDonald's.
Best McDonald's experience ever. Great location and well kept store. Beautiful view from outside seating. Nice local food options. Pleasant service.
Used the screen to place my order to avoid waiting in line. That saved a lot of time.  Great service. Very polite.
Good view on beach if you sit outside
"Since I am asked to rate my experienced; I would rate it ro be minus; very unsatisfactory.
Tonight I had dinner at McDonald's at Kalakaua & Liluokalani at approximately 9:50 pm Hawaiian time. I purchased 2 Fillet burgers; a small French fry and a senior small coffee.
After finishing I TRIED to receive a medium Mocha frapp ½. According to Your McDonald's app I could get a FREE medium cafe without a purchase. I had received a FREE one before. One of your manager; Diana assisted a clerk as she encountered a problem. On your screen it had mentioned; with purchase; whereas Your app noted FREE. Diana asked me to wait till 11 pm when another manager was scheduled to come in. Crazy. She wanted to wait. After a few exchanges of options to her as I got aggravated. She said; I can call 911! What? What type of training do YOU; McDonald's Corporation of America PROVIDE or HAWAII .....? I have complained so many times it is not funny. To avoid lawsuits better training is uhio McDonald's.

Allen M. Morikawa"
Wow, a NEW McDonald's right across from the beach in Waikiki. The real estate is a little more than some places so expect a slightly higher price but its still cheap compared to other places in the area. Nothing beats a soft serve ice cream on a hot day.
This is quasi-American BBQ.  It's still good though.  The restaurant is very clean and modern and the staff is very professional and friendly.
First Stop After a long flight from Midwest, it is really pricey but it is a good solid gage as to the area economics. The price of big Mac meal? But they give you pineapples with your meal. But after this time to move to ihop and or local food.
3 people running the store with like 30 customers on pending orders. Completely disorganized.
Pretty clean and the food came out fast. Overall great service and family friendly
Busy and slow. The one way traffic pattern isn't clearly defined so the door gets congested
In and out in a few minutes rather than one and a half hour wait for eggs and things next door.
Coming from the mainland,  this is a must always,  you can take the keiki (kid) away from his island but you can never take the island from the keiki (kid)
It   s a McDonaldï¿½ï¿½
Usual fare,and by the beach.
I disgusted this place. Bad attention, the hamburger are bad.
Not a long queue..Food was excellent..place was clean..friendly staff although there should be more advertising on the outside as I walked past it twice not knowing it was there..Google to find it! :)
Always hard to get onto Wi-Fi. Please go back to old app. New app doesn't work half the time and the jumping fries are so annoying when you're waiting for connectivity.
This place is expensive as is most of the islands. But they are also slow. Ear your spam and eggs and rice to say you did it, but dont make this a morning breakfast stop.
Caramel frabbe was wayyyyy too sweet!! Not recommend at all!!!
Same ol' McDonalds but without a daaaaamn toilet wth?! Busy as and on the dirty side but with heaps of foot traffic I understand. Staff look like they try hard to maintain.
Very nice. I was in such AWE to see spam, eggs and rice on the menu, but, I'm just a tourist lol Great spot right on the beach.
Very fast pace environment, just a little crowded. Friendly work staff
Can't go wrong with an egg mcmuffin.
Much better theBurger King. Quick service and I got what I ordered
The best breakfast eggs rice and Portuguese sausage and spam.
Best Big Macs
I like the Taro pie in Mc Donalds in Waikiki Beach Honolulu Hawaii. They're mmmm good. I brought some home too, so my family can experience the good tasting Taro Pie from Oahu Hawaii.
There was a homeless guy in the restaurant that was being very vulgar.  It did not make for a pleasant meal.  The apple pies here are great.
Just the fact that they were obviously close to closing but still they where serving us with an appropriate amount attitude... not only to say they were in the middle of the Waikiki beach and it was 1am.
No bathroom!!! Are they brainless? They said  "Closest is a few blocks away at the police station".......they stand there like zombies.... Are they are more concetned about their kiosks working than customer experience?...pathetic...
For a local, it   s just your everyday McDonald   s. But for a continent-wandering landlubber like me, it ½ï
Fast service (not many people when I visited after 9pm) but those chicken nuggets are not worth the midnight troubles.
Bins were full, spilled drink on floor. My order was not correct, gave me a chicken burger when I asked for a quarter pounder. Chicken burger was good though
Better than the other one close to here at least they stay open until they say they are.
They are all the same. The food is now suited to everyone's budget. From the 99p menu through to the signature menu. Perfect for a quick bite.
People don't stand in line. They just walk up and order no matter who was there first.
The fries were cold and the Big Mac was cold and dry. The first Mc Donalds I ever ate at that didn't have a restroom to wash your hands. Is this even legal?  Terrible Waikiki Mc Donalds.
Fast lines. Breakfast was a bit different with serving rice with eggs.
A big shout out for their wifi! Fast and consistent.  Able to get some work done while having a good coffee and a biscuit breakfast sandwich.
Food was ok, staff was not very curtious and no public restrooms.  Would have been nice to be able to wash my hands before I picked up my burger.
Hi, I am Matt and I am excited to tell you about my experience at this McDonald's. There are NO bathrooms here. The food and service was perfect.
Limited food options and seating, but the location and service was brilliant. Especially like the fresh pineapple you can get on the side!
Better than ours at home. We got pineapple with our meal. They even have a spam and eggs and Portuguese sausage.
Service by employees lackluster at best. Seems more of a burden for the help to take an order. Registers are off and voided transactions happen daily.
Like every other McDonald   s except they have actual  
Food came quickly and I found that it was bigger and juicier than McDonald's from my home town. The pineapple that you get with your meal was also very good
One of the lower end McDonalds I've been too. Food was just ok.
Very long time waiting to make a order. Very large queue
Sometimes has a line but service was fast. Nice view from there.
Washroom was filthy... likely due to the number of Street people that frequent the place.  Management not concerned Street people filling up on soda.
The food is good in mc donalds but they gonna try new one.. in our country mc donalds is have fried chicken.. and more
If you'll looking for some action, and drama this is this the place for you.  They take forever almost felt  like jumping over the counter to help them .
I called to say that I didn't get my drink that I ordered from Uber eats and staff hung up on me without trying to get help. I wonder if I can sue.
Ten minutes for a cone and fries. They had the fries waiting above the station cooling  
This McDonald's is really bad at getting your order. Last time I was here I order a Bic mac and got a chicken sandwich. The other day I came back for a business trip I ordered a mcgriddle and got a regular breakfast sandwich. I had not realized until I got back to my hotel room and did not want to go back as it took a while to order and to wait.
This place has no restrooms. I didn't like the service and there's a lot of homeless people in here just to spend the night. I don't recommend this location.
Wow first McDonald's in a long time that I have fast service. Good job team!
Good to grab a quick bite and bottomless drinks.  Great option when you want something quick for a meal with out the fuss  ½ï¿½ï¿½ï
It's so crowded. Even in the morning. But at least the employees are very nice and the food is like always. I mean it's McDonald's.
Delicious taro pie and kona iced coffee hit the spot after wandering on Waikiki Beach.  Hula dancer and uke player were a nice bonus.
Staff are so slow like no urgency in the world. Don't waste your time
Very accessible but in the times I've gone after 2am the tourists are usually loud and f disruptive so it's not the customer service or the staff it's more the atmosphere after ab certain time.
Average McDonalds. Staff were friendly, food came fast. Prices here are more expensive then other places (any McDonalds on Kauai) but so is everything in Waikiki.
Its fast and convenient. Please clean up after yourselves and don't leave your McDonald's trash bag near the beach
The service is very very slow as the building and Resturant is so huge, the staff moves at a very slow snail pace... For as large as this place is and they don't even have bathrooms for a place this large the service should lighting fast.
Place was packed out. Standing room only. The service was very responsive. in spite of the huge crowd we received our food quickly.
They have these cool machines to order your food, so no waiting on line. I wish every state or city has this system...
Was drunk TBH, disappointed no Fillet O fish at that time of the morning.
They forgot some things, but the cashier's were amazing for the issue
Got my order wrong in two ways and staff insisted that it was my fault / that's how the promo worked (even though I'd ordered it previously the right way), argumentative garbage staff and to top it off the burgers were prepared by what you'd think was a toddler.
Very Quick service, as a tourist I loved the local food options, including the coconut cream pie
It's McDonald's... don't expect much
Lines long to order but use the kiosk and service was quick
Lovely location however due to self service on the pop the general public/homeless frequently entered the restaurant to take free pop and ice.
Yes!
Great location in the middle of the shopping area. Affordable prices. Best place to buy ice cream and sit outside
Clean, good service. Only McDonald's I have been to with no washroom. Can't believe there is no washroom here. I even asked the staff.
Great options, fast service even though always busy, could use some work on customer relations however still a great place to pop into  
They had the items we ordered bc other times like ice cream machine wasn't working & staff always friendly even though some customers can be rude...
"Terrible service, unfriendly staff, dirty and half of the time the ice cream machine is broken.
Management does not care about customer service at all."
Food was hot and came out fast despite the fact it was packed and there were a lot of orders
Not open
Their stingy with the sauce and it takes too long to serve.
Sign on table said cleaned and sanitized when the table had a brown coffee cup stain and other dirt. Yuck!
Usual macy ds really just the speed and level of service surprised me in a good way and good location on the beach front so great for a cheap heaty lunch
This McDonald's gets packed so be ready to wait a bit but it's relatively clean considering how busy it gets. If you're here, be sure to try the McTeri burger.
A known, standard entity, but with too much packaging and waste and overrun by the more shady elements of Waikiki. Felt uncomfortable with my kids.
...really good...I needed some nuggets...hot, fresh, and crispy...french fries...same...yummy...such a treat...
Long lines, but moved very fast.
Terrible service. I work for DoorDash and this location just did awful. So late so rude. A joke of a location  
Very clean restaurant. Helpful staff. I like the spam choices along with the Portuguese made sausage.
It's worth the 13 hour flight here to order the haupia pie.
It's a homeless shelter at night. They also dont have a bathroom to use or a place for customers to wash their hands.
Fun place to visit. Great menu choice but breakfast ends right on 10.30am.
You know, when you are hungry, every popular restaurant is long way to wait, only this place can save your life
They have one person on the register I waited 25 minutes just for a soda not cool
Went plenty of times since it was next to our resort.
There is a rude person(clerk) in mcdonaldï¿½ï
Always busy, check your order when given
Not bad for a McDonald's.  Great view...customer service is what to be expected at a McDonald's.  Not too friendly but fast.
Good as always, it was clean, nice staff and fresh food
Fast service... ok I only got a coffee  
Always good food!
Not great. I get it is in a busy area but service could have been better
Place is clean for McDonald's. Food is good as well.
app doesn't work and theres always something wrong with my order every time i go there. prices are no longer cheap either so now i go else where if possible
About the average McDonald's. Better service but slightly worse food. Good for a quick bite to eat.
The crowd can get a bit rowdy at the weekend, there is security guard keeping an eye on things, but its one of the few restaurants that is still opened at the early hours.
This is one of the best McDonald's anywhere but how does a sit down restaurant get away with no bathrooms and why would they want to?
Seriously a great view from this location.  Food was quick and staff was pleasant.
Overall a good place but not as timely as I expect when going to fast food
"many people and worker.. lady mopping floor...wrong timing should do it when less people present also had to ask to wipe clean
Table"
One thing: the sizes are smaller than mainland USA
Would not answer me when i called
Quite and not crowded place.
Food and service were fine, but it has no restrooms, really? 50% of why I went in was to use the restroom
A modern McDonald's with self service kiosks to order your food. It was easy to use and the food was made quickly.
Always busy. Need more casher.
No inside dining. Grab and go. Rice, spam, and eggs interesting and good!
Terrible, long lines and the way it works is unlike any other McDonald's which entails fighting your way to the counter and making sure the employees pay attention to you.
Go to stop when I didn't want to waste all my money on food! Good service!!
Friendly service for such a busy McDonald's, great place for a quick bite to eat!
Taste great
Costs 50% more than elsewhere in the u.s. and customer service is twice as bad, place an order online or on the kiosk to avoid rude employees and you still need to pick up your order
Food poisoning!  24 hours of vomiting and diarrhea.   Way to ruin the first day of my honeymoon.
I hate the kiosk.
"Disappointed! All the other McDonald's give a refill on coffee.

Seemed this worker just didn't want to bother."
It's not what you think of when it comes to fast food
Good place to catch something fast when in a hurry or just that late night snack.
Awesome Hawaiian breakfast avail as well as normal McDonald's menu. And they give you pineapple!
24hour walk in McDonald's in the heart of Waikiki. Great staff that work tirelessly to provide exceptional customer service.
Fast service in a busy spot. No bathrooms but one of the only places open when the bars close
Pretty busy and kind of random clientele, also didn't have any specific Hawaiian pies when we visited.
Food comes in good time and is as you would expect.  Although the staff are a little abrupt at times.
5 stars for the Haupia pie. Why isn't this sold everywhere!
It needs to be cleaner
Me and wife both have food poisoning from this McDonald's. That's the only food we ate that day, so it can't be anything else.
Disapponting! Never tasted this kind of poor quality in McDonald's in all my life. The bread was badly STALE and the buttermilk chicken was cold!!!!
Omg I wish they serve spam rice and Portuguese sausage and egg in Houston TX I'm in love
Got fries tasted super old and stale...mold growing on them. Puked all night.
Burgers, breakfast, nuggets, fries served hot. Very friendly and efficient counter people and food oreps.
The people there are always friendly. Great staff
Customer service is terrible, quality of food mediocre.. waited 40 minutes for our food  
This place could be much better if the filthy dirty smelly people don't come in and plant themselves next to you while you're eating!!!
Waaaaay understaffed. I don't know what's going on here but they are always slow and food is cold or burned
Workers are unenthusiastic and unmotivated. It is a real struggle to communicate with them and they move slowly.
Good service variety on menu. Very clean and close to the beach
Extremely slow service and they dont even have a drivethru.
It was a great place to stop and grab something.
Typical McDonalds, except it is so busy they have a hard time keeping it clean.  We went there mainly because we needed internet access, which was free.
very big, efficient store on Waikiki Beach
Fast and efficient especially considering how busy the location is.
Most ordering kiosks working and staff is friendly. Bigger and newer than the other McDonald's that id's in the n next street.
I always do the survey on the receipt. BOGO Egg McMuffin or Quarter Pounder. I'll be back tomorrow.
One of two 24 hrs. In Waikiki but the staff is friendly, place is kept clean mahalo
The beach pack is an amazing deal.. 8 burgers, 20pc, 2 fries for $16.
They are unprepared to handle a crowd, long wait and food was cold.
It was a McDonald's what can I say.
"Some of the only moderately priced food around.
2 for $5 pick right now.
Right across from beach."
Localized menu, really enjoyed the spam and Portuguese (linguica) sausage for breakfast.
One worker wasn 
If you give McDonald ½
This is the best Mac I have ever  visited in terms of their  cooking. It's really tasty.
Clean and friendly staff and good location. Good spot to people watch and enjoy a Frappï¿
Too busy and relatively expensive, for a McDonald's. Touch screen kiosks are pleasant though.
"So a place like this with no bathroom or any sort of facility to wash your hands before eating
Not even a hand sanitizer
What kind of planning is that ?!"
Nice location for fast food. Double quarter pounder with cheese was on point!
Good food but the wait times vary.
Foods fresh but they are the slowest MacDonald's I've ever been too.
No restroom and icecream machine does not work = 1 star.
Is usually very busy and a bit dirty. Wait for food is fairly long as well.
Fried apple pie for $0.79. And family pack two big macs two french fries 20 nuggets and two drinks for 15.99 how is it possible, but it is!!!
Standard McDonald's stuff, you can get rice and eggs and sasauges for breakfast here. Not sure about the preserves though.
Staff are so rude. Food made me feel sick. What a bad impression left on people visiting from overseas.
Look for the "Local Favorite " with Spam, Portuguese Sausage and rice.
They have the best ice cream in Hawaii lol. I like the breakfast as well
Keep the place clean will make a good impression. Nice people here...
Very long line, most of the menu wasn't available for various reasons, no restrooms
I love eating McDonalds in Waikiki cuz they have breakfast eggs, rice,spam and sausage
Customer service sucks, location is dirty, worse location, certain times they only accept cash and won ½ï¿½ï
Very busy MacDonald's to visit at any time of the day. It's clean and fast though.
It was open in the early hours and a haven for early travelers whose hotel is not ready
Pretty good late night experience.
What can say?  It put the smile on your face.
Has a lot of exotic foods, which are good just for trying, but a lot of them aren't very good. The food is cheap though.
Value menu is really worth it, free refills, was glad I went even though it's Maccas.
Coke machine is broken. Staff is very impatient and just said "We informed the manager."
Wait was worth it, delicious hot food
Located in SASEBO harbour,you can get burgers and cooldrinks etc.this place is restricted to commons as it is located in the JFNS premises
It's McDonald's nothing fancy just a good place for a quick bite
Spam for breakfast!
Dear McDonald's. Machines are not good replacements for employees. Pretty dirty in there as well. Less robots more janitors
Angela and manager elizabeth are great thanks!!
Clean and fast nice employee always smiling mahalo for your good service  
Good service considering the amount of customers going through the establishment
It 
Great place for when you are hammered at 11pm
Staff was not friendly,  food was marginal and slow, no bathroom.
What not to like, oceanview, surfing contest going on, excellent coffee, friendly people.
Awesome lady with the orange kukui necklace.  Shout out to her for the island hospitality.
Good location
Wesley is the nicest McDonald's employee.  So friendly and cheerful, thx!
Fast food favorites and local delights and cool inside on these hot summer dayz n nights
Spam egg and rice , rice was nice and soft, egg a bid hard but it was great at 5 am!!
Waitin 30 mins to get muffin and burger at 11am. The longest Mac waiting in my life
Right next door to the Aston Circle on Waikiki Beach 24 hours. I 
Long waiting period with lots of people.They should have more staff at waikiki branch
It   s McDonaldï
Cool little McDonalds with a great view! Very modern looking and spotless clean.
Food was ok but please .... CLEAN THE WINDOE SILLS.   They're disgraceful!!!
I've never been to Hawaii But I just think mcdonalds is bad for the environment and America and American people ï¿½
Food was regular McDonald but the store was super busy
quick service for carry out food
BOUGHT A STRANGER LUNCH TODAY,GOD IS GOOD!
I've stopped visiting this location due to HPD involvement..it's complicated. Civil rights violations
Typical McDonald's fare but this establishment lacks the basic facilities that humans need. I.e. there's no toilets!
Always busy, best to try McDonald's on kuhio for faster service
Very nice and new had digital order screens
Crazy busy, downloaded the app for next time.
Good fast food good service ?
Standard menu and quality. Mostly tourists and some interesting locals.
Typical McDonald's, except that they sell spam on their breakfast menu!
Fast service try ordering with the app for quicker service.
Its MCDonald's in Hawaii. It's busy, not the cleanest, but for a quick bite you can't go wrong.
It doesn't have bathrooms for customers, only provides disposable wet towels
Excellent Service. Friendly staff. Just steps from our Hotel
You can never go wrong with a burger and fries
Finally got the chance to try the fried apple pie
Friendly staff, easy to order with touch screen devices.
Decent place to go to get something a little cheaper in the area
A quick bite when you aren't looking for a nice, sit-down meal in Honolulu at the moment.
Good location freindly staff. The parking is limted.
The salad was brown and they asked if I wanted another...um...nooooo
Clean.  Friendly.  Go loco and ask for special order of an egg McMuffin with SPAM.
Dirty and crowded. No public bathrooms but plenty of disinterested employees.
Fast service, great place to meet new friends, clean
Haupia pies, that's the post.
Order with the app and pick up order easily.
Had a few crazies in there but the food and hot and  good
Slowest, most broken Mcdonalds in existence.
The food and service are always top notch!
Yummy spam eggs and rice
Great Hawaiian style food selections
Just tried to order and debit card machine not working!  Second time it's happened here in two weeks.  Really?? Poor management.
Typical McDonald's. Across the street from the beach, so you can enjoy the view.
This is the most disgusting hell hole ive ever been to. If i could give it zero stars i would.
for some reason, their egg mcmuffins are really addictive.
Very clean. Conveniently located. Good crew.
Use the far kiosk.  Got an iced coffee to beat the heat on Waikiki beach.
Nice place to go. very clean. Friendly staff.
Nice and clean but very busy a a Lil understaffed
Not into pigeons inside while I'm eating lunch. Fix the broken door!
Very good and the ppl were very polite aloha
Quick and good.
Went to have ice cream and they were all out .... Saddest birthday ever.
Eh, its McDonald's. Nothing spectacular stood out
It was McDonalds breakfast...nothing more say
Quick service. No bathrooms.
Conveniently located next to the beach, great for a quick bite!
McDonald's food is excellent. Especially their french fries
Wish they would bring back the free drinks LOL
The best outside dining with view, McDonald's has anywhere in the world.
They have the 1 2 3 dollar menu.
Food is like a restaurant A+++
Your average Mc Donald's. Nice to get a cheap ice-cream!
No bathrooms and no smiles -  lucky my kids like the food
Good location. Easy access. Competitive prices.
Better prices here than other Waikiki locations.
Fast service but got our order wrong.  Misstakes happen....
They finally have dine in again!!
Very busy and usually crowded. Excellent services.
Very poor service waited 20 minutes for a cup of coffee
no bathrooms annoying but spam eggs rice is a good deal
You gotta love some Mickey Ds in the islands! With Rice !
Nice restaurant and very good coffee.
Service was fine but why cold burgers and worse again cold fries?
If you need to drink coffee that's like gunpowder go to McDonald's leave your heart racing
Didn't include pineapple with my deluxe breakfast even though it shows in the picture
Burger king was better. McDonald fries however- rules all!
The people who work here all deserve a RAISE!
Mad man poop and splash it all over the outdoor table and eating area,nasty sight.
feel like home even I am from Taiwan, haha!
Very fast and as expected. I was impressed by how clean it was.
Not busy! Good service; fast!
Nice friendly service, very customer service oriented!!
I only stopped there because my dog likes their chicken nuggets
Fries were hot. Tide was out though.
Had double quarter pounder meal. Very meaty.
Reliable place... mo parking or drive through
I agree with Ed and after this I'll never return at other MacDonald, and they called this a restaurante place, my g**d
Large choice of options from menu and service is fast
First ever mcdonald without toilet facilities and hand wash
Simple easy quick food. Yummy.
Standard McDonalds in a tourist area. Crazy crowded but still pumping out the burgers and fries!
As usual, it never fails to deliver... specially my cravings!..
Showed up at 10:50 and employees turned me away
Hawaiian McDonald's breakfast is a game changer.
No bathroom for paying customers. 3 yr old wet themself
Fast service. Great tasting food.
Very nice
Bottomless drinks but no toilets? You're taking the piss!
24 hours always open. Clean and fast service.
Friendly staff but not a very clean business.
The service at this chain location was great!
Ordering touchscreens made life easy.
Shocking, just shocking. Don't bother coming here. Go to burger king down the road.
Great Food for a third of the hotel price
Regular  restuarant. Used WiFi.  Heavy  WiFi traffic
It's McDonald's. What can you say? I guess the prices are higher than on the mainland, but that's to be expected.
24 hour ser I e. Fast eSy to get to.
Mostly a tourist destination, expensive compared to average cost of McDonald's in mainland (U.S.)
Come on its McDonald's, never different, always what you expect. Solid
Exactly what you'd expect, clean restaurant with the usual
The frapacinos are cold and taste really good.
Super fast but no bathroom
My son called this establishment bum-donalds,  place is full of bums, and smells bad.
Fast, and alway same taste, good rocation
Clean and did not wait too long in line.
They are always friendly despite rude customers.
Open 24/7 for all your dining needs.
McDonalds that comes with the McView of Kuhio Beach over the road for free  
I never eat at McDonald's on vacation, except when there's Spam!
I ordered a hot latte and got lukewarm/cold coffee
Best fast food restaurant around Waikiki Beach
Slow service  take me half hour to mcfulry to get it
Kiosks broken and surrounded by homeless shouting.
Very upset cashier, slammed the cash drawer giving me change this morning.
I was sick for three days after eating a big Mac here.
Long lines but pretty fast service
Has to be one of the worst Macdonalds for service  - consistently!!
Full of homeless people that freaked my kids out.  Won't go back.
Food price is the most expensive Mcdonalds i ever been.
Sometimes you get tired of restaurants and spending $100 each time, Mc comes to a rescue.
It's McDonald's, at least you get like an hour of free WiFi.
Very clean and fast, room to sit.
My son loves McDonald's
Spicy nuggets were bomb af
Busy and they missed up the order twice
Cashier and other employees very courteous
Across the street from beach and hotel. Odd homeless beach bumb lingers. Harmless.
Macdonalds USA serve spam bergers not my faves.
Your typical McDonald's, but you get to eat with homeless people...
Cheap and everyone knows the food so saves time
Love it. I can come to this place when other places are closed.
Reliable. You know why you are coming here and you know exactly what to expect
Yep tasted like McDonalds
Good place four a quick bite.
Nice patio.  Right outside waikiki strip.
Good, well run McDonald's, friendly, efficient.
Best place to get a cheap drink on Waikiki
Food and service was horrible.
Good value
Ordering has become very slow
Fast service reasonable prices
Fast food for those times watching the sea promenade Waikiki
Overall good experience
Fast, clean, and freindly. Would go back!
This place is dangerous!  Filled with shady characters.  No security.
The fries were not like stateside McDonald's fries.
Great fast food place
Nice seating area with a view of the sea.
They will mess up your order no matter what
Pretty sure I died from eating here
Quick efficient friendly service
Great place for great cheap food
This is a pretty automated McDonald   s. Probably one of the most automated ones I   ve come across. Many of the customers went strait to the devices shown to enter their order and just stood near the pick up counter for their order. I felt the process was still a bit slow given that the emphasis is for automation though. Plus the area to stand was congested since itï¿½ï¿½
This maybe the cleanest McDonald   s I ever been to. I pass 2 closer ones from my house just to come to this one because of cleanliness, good
I do not understand how the male supervisor with green locs who is working right now, still has a job. This is the second time I came to me and my children were mistreated at this location. Even writing this trying to remain professional is extremely hard. I went through the drive through on each occasion. He was rolling his eyes, condescending, disrespectful, disregarded my concern, slammed and locked the windows while I was talking    I walk inside to get an upper management personnel and her name was Roseline. When I asked her if she was above the side in the picture, she threw her arm out and said what happened. She walked away and disregarded my concern. There was a African guy with a coat on in the food are passed me the sauce and told me it was not his job to do so.. this loca
I spend a lot of money here everyday and today me and a friend came here for breakfast. The water for my tea was hot but her coffee was cold. Do better. I would have given a higher star rating if her coffee was hot and made properly.
Food was fine. But, when we came a large family were at the cash taking kiosks so we used a regular kiosk and waited to pay cash at the register. When the manager came to take cash they gave a look like we were crazy then said you "you know we have a cash kiosk?", to which I responded that people are at it. It wasn't overly rude, but execution was totally annoyed at us the customer. Hope it's not like that next time we visit.
More than 30 min of wait 2 buses should have arrived and both routes are late. I don't get it, if  paying with our taxes for this service plus a fare of 2 $ the ride, where is the investment of the company on providing a good services, more buses, more bus drivers better service, better budget. I called and the Lady on the phone left me waiting on hold. I'll seek for an investigation in this situation. hopefully Public resources are being well managed, RIGHT? ï¿½ï
A disappointing visit. We ordered using the kiosk since no one was manning the counter cash register. We waited over 20 minutes for 3 standard combo meals and no one else was inside the restaurant. The people working in the back only worked on drive thru orders. While waiting, we watched as they cleared our order off the monitor without having served it. At that point, I asked one of the employees why our order was cleared and he responded that he didn't realize it hadn't been served. We were the only people in the restaurant and we were clearly waiting at the counter for something, whether it was food or a condament or napkins and they never even bothered to ask what we needed or what we were waiting for. The staff completely ignored us until we asked why our order was cleared without getting anything. They did make our order fresh once we asked for it, which is why I gave more that 1 star for the food. We would not return to this location.
"Drive through experience. Long line, no problem, tourist area. Took a while to take my order. When I paid, the person didn't even make eye contact, he gave me my receipt without saying a word except for the total and shut the window. Then, went to the 2nd window where the guy gave me the water bottle and sent me to the 3rd window. By the time I paid, at 10:02 pm, it was 10:20 pm and I was still waiting on anyone to come to the 3rd window. Then a female employee brought me a kid's meals and when I asked her for the rest of the order, she waved her hand and said ""I don't know"" with an attitude. She left and I waited 5 more mins before anyone came to the window. A male manager came and I explained what was missing plus to look at the happy meal that only had 4 fries, cold nuggets, no toy, no sauce, no napkins. When I showed the kid's meal, he said what happened to the fries? (as if we ate them). I looked at him and said ""that's what you guys gave me and to look at the camera"". He then said ""hold on"" and slammed the window. Another 5 mins go by, gave me the food and I asked where is the sauce and he said the 1st bag, but it wasn't there. As he was getting me the sauce, I told him this was the worst service ever and that I was going to put a review. He shrugged his shoulders, slammed the window and left. I then proceeded to hunk my horn very loudly to see if he came back to the window, but he never did.
I'm a store manager myself and I would never tolerate a behavior like that from any of my managers or from any of my team members. My 6 year old grand-daughter was in the car and was crying with this upsetting situation.
I visit this location at least 3-4 times a week, never had problems like this with the other shifts."
Not only was it packed and slow moving but our mobile app that said ready in 3-5 minutes actually tool close to 15 minutes. A BIG thing was having to pay to have a refill on your drink. That is ridiculous.
I came to this mcdonalds to pick up an order for a customer as I deliver with Uber Eats and the manager refused to make the order because he said "we are too busy and dont have the time to prepare such a big order, plus these are lunch and dinner items we will be switching over to breakfast in 20 minutes." So my customer was cheated out of their order and I was screwed out of $35!!!! I reported the restaurant to Uber support as well as Mcdonalds corporate offices. Avoid this mcdonalds if you can. Terrible!!
The food is always cold there's always a long wait time and some of the managers just don't care. One of them was mad I complained about my fries not being cooked all the way so he snatched them out of my child's hand and those were not even the ones I was complaining about, he then asked me if I had a recipe. When he was the one that took my money and didn't give me one.
Absolutely disgusting, please tare this place down and build a Wendy   s with new  employees. I wasted my money. I urge you not to waste your money and
"First i'm looking at my receipt. I ordered two cheeseburger happy meals and only got a hamburger with one pickle on it. Then the manager tries to tell me that the drinks are dispensed on how you water them. I threw my receipt at him. I ordered a sweet tea and dr pepper
I was given a hi-c .

Untop of it I wish I can post a photo of my two orders of fries thrown on the groud because they were uncooked."
It's nice to still have some locations open 24 hours. And despite mobile park/pickup or the dining room being closed. The way in which the team here was able to expedite the dining room was amazing.
There are two lanes of drive through. I ordered on the mobile app while waiting in line.  When I got to the speaker,  they didn't bother to ask my order,  or order number.  They just kept taking people from the other line. I know that sometimes happens,  they forget the order cars pull up. But not 4 in a row. As they started taking the 5th car,  I pulled into the line and went to the window.  Food was OK when I got it.  But waiting 30 minutes for that to happen in the drive through isn't cool.
It's McDonald's McDonald's. What can I say. We wanted a snack and we're hungry. So we drop by this place.
Raw burger. Spoke with manager Nattie, she defended the raw burger saying it passed a temperature check. She reluctantly agreed to make a new one a took my receipt.  20 minutes later still no burger. Went to the counter, a girl there gave the burger to someone else. Another burger was made, but they "lost" the receipt.  While standing at the counter waiting for a receipt to be reprinted, I was holding onto my bag. A man behind the counter tried to grab the bag out of my hand. I told him "hands off", he said he was checking the order number. TOTAL INCOMPETENCE! I went to complete the survey on the receipt BUT IT HAD ALREADY BEEN COMPLETED!!!
One of the fastest McDonald's I've been so far. I ordered through the app and it was ready in just a few minutes. The place is clean and staff is friendly.
I had this same meal in Las Palmas Orlando, Florida and the difference was night and day.  Sorry should have taken picture B4 I started eating, but look at the pork and meat, that I didn't touch.  Never again 
Are food was great that is why we have got breakfast every morning at the same location # Bring The Bagels Back
"Update!! Megan is still here and amazing as ever! She joyfully asked if she could get us refills, YES! They offer refills again! Yay! You just have to ask in case she's not there. Fashima and two other gentlemen working were also very friendly and even offered to help carry my food to the table... Almost like we were at a real sit down restaurant the way they took care of us! Thank you. The only thing was that the quarter pounder seemed small and was overcooked and dry.... But we will be back!

Megan was very friendly and helpful with ordering... If give her 5 stars  ""we don't do refills here."" What? So the funny thing is, they are moving to have you order at the kiosk, but you need to ask for the refills, which they don't do because the beverage machine is shut down. Just so you know when you go!"
"I never seen a place full with kids employees..
no body care what you looking for.. rod customer service by rosalina.. she made you like you were asking for free food"
Food quality is good, cafe is very clean and all staffs are very friendly. Location is also very good. If u want you can order food through self-order screen inside the cafe, drive through is also available. Good for kids as well because there is a kids playing area inside the cafe.
Manager was great. He unlocked the door just before closing to take my order. I was staying at the hotel next-door so i didnt drive over.
Complicated kiosk ordering, salty fries (can order lightly salted) decent but too much sodium in the hamburgers.  Good for in a pinch or for a quick bite.
Went thru the drive thru. It was around 11:30 pm, and the line went all the way around the building but was moving. Only ordered 2 large decaf coffees. They were fresh - made to order.
This is the most Discusting McDonald I 
Instead of the manager (Isiah) helping my kids, he decides to send someone else so he can go converse with someone else. They were paying customers just like everyone else he helped. Thank you to the people that helped my kids.
Food isn't always hit. Nonmatter when I go. And even if I order a kids meal we always have to pull around and wait for our order. It's very slow service
Sign indicates free item if the person taking your order doesn't ask about rewards. The Male taking our order didn't ask. We told them at the window. The manager told us the girl that took our order did ask us we explained that it wasn't a girl it was the man. To which she rolled her eyes,walked away and didn't return. We also didn't recieve our bottle water, napkins  nor straws for the drinks we did get.
"Tiny cramped parking lot makes it hard to get in and out of. Location is in a really commercial touristy area so it's to be expected, I suppose. Didn't go inside, so this is just the drive thru experience. Dual drive thru lines were wrapped around the building at 10pm on a Sunday.
Food ok. Fries and fish bun were a bit stale, considering the long line, was expecting fresher food, I guess.  Good enough for a late snack."
This store is always clean. The staff always pleasant and helpful. I've been impressed with them the whole 7 months I've been here.
Lucky they even get the rating they do. Placed a mobile app order at 9:49am and was still waiting for 3 sandwiches 45 minutes later. Not a single person acknowledged me standing at the front counter, but had no problem passing orders out to those using the kiosk. Go thru the drive thru to be given the excuse that their "short handed", yet I spent 45 minutes INSIDE and seen plenty of employees. My order was wrong twice. Absolutely cold food. Sent a complaint to corporate because this is unacceptable. This location is full of tourist and I hate for these people visiting our state and area to be treated the way I was. Absolutely uncalled for!
Excellent and fast service. The food was good.
Typical McDonalds but extremely long waits due to proximity to tourist attractions.  Be prepared to wait 20+ mins in the drive thru, even for a mobile order
"Food was cold drinks missing
The manager is rude the advertising is false. She accused us of lieing when we said we weren't asked about the rewards to receive the free cookie.  Very hostile !"
"Clean place with prompt, and accurate service. The chicken nuggets were delicious and crunchy!    We ordered through the Drive Thru with hardly any wait time.  The attendant confirmed our order no less than twice, and I was given exactly what we asked.

The inside is clean (as well as the bathrooms) and has a lot of seating.  There's also an indoor play area for the kiddos.  In this location you place your order on the touch screens in front of the cashiers."
Not satisfied with purchase. Female manager messed up my order twice. My tripple hamburger looked like someone added two miniature paddies on a normal size burger. I would recommend that this supervisor pays attention to receipts and ask for additional help in order to avoid mistakes.
This is by far the best McDonald's I have ever been too. They serve you your food very quickly and take your trash. They walk around asking if you need anything and are very friendly. Very clean as well.
If I could I would give -10 stars because I stayed here in Orlando all week and they never wanted to take my order, they locked all the doors at night, they say they close at 11pm and for example I arrived at 9:40 and they told me that it was closed, please McDonald   s do something, this is happening to me all nights, Im from Mexico and I dont have a car or the App from here (even if its the same is different) they are rude and not attentive. 
I had small issues with drive thru but after we figured some of it out together, with another employee helping. Took a bit.. after the fries were cold ect... Thought they would of remade them for us.. but it was not the worse it could of been... I should of ask them to do that.. asked for more help and would of went better probably.
Quick food, pretty clean environment, cheap food. It's a McDonald's, they don't vary too much in general. Though there are outliers, this one is consistent with what I've come to expect of McDonald's.
"TERRIBLE SERVICE!
Asked for the manager for refil e he turn around and started to do another thing completely different. ZERO ATTENTION TO CUSTOMER. I "
"Very polite service. Very clean. One has the ability to self order. Playhouse for the little ones!

Thank you Ileanna for the great coroner service. Keep up the great work!!"
What a wild location. Went here twice while on vacation and each time there were police near by. People darting across the parking lot.
For a McDonalds I was pleased. Ordered at a kiosk, but they brought us our food to the table. Order was correct and food arrived quickly. Quite clean.
No one to take your order it's all done on kiosks had to have my ice coffee remade because they couldn't get it right the first time
I understand the profit-drive to push automation, but it seems to not work here. 35 minutes wait for two standard egg McMuffin meals mid morning is unacceptable for fast food.
Very long wait time but the food was good and the young lady at the second window was so nice
Lost our order. Waited 45 min for a burger fries and a box of nuggets. Then they accuse us of trying to get a duplicate order for Free. They clearly have problems.  We tossed a twenty dollar bill at them and asked for the food. NEVER GO to this location.  EVER
Nasty Shift manager and drive thru lady treat customers like a burden nonsense of customer service. Kitch n always Dirty. I definitely would not suggest coming here.
They had very engaging workers, helpful, busy workers. Breakfast was always fresh and quick. Best of all McDonalds we have been in ½ï¿½
The staff at this McDonald's are the best. Jamal is the manager and El assisted me with my order. El is an exceptional employee. I visit this McDonald's on a weekly basis and El is always helpful and not just to me, but to all customers. Thank you El.
Ordered the curbside orders but waited around 20 mins since the staff totally forgot to take the meals out??? I ordered regular iced latte but got suuuuper sweet latte instead. Even got the overcooked bun on my muffin! Worst experience!
Horrible! Management isn   t professional at all, a ma
While sitting down eating. A manager was arguing with an elderly gentleman. Very disrespectful. Will never got black again.
"Lst night the cashier wouldnt assist in exchanging a nugget meal for a nugget happy meal due to their broken kiosk misplaced the order. Neither would sell the toy itself to help a child get their wanted toy instead sold a seperate happy meal box! Coffe was cold too!

Next day went bck hoping to get a different experience... the guy on the floor was really nice and polite but the middle eastern cashiers.... not so much!!!! Im standing their waiting to be assisted but instead the latina looking and the middle eastern had a more important conversation of how to remove her nose piercing and how to clean it! Also she was manipulating her nose while at the csshier! So so disgusting!!! Grosss!!!!!"
Same service like every McDonald 
Messed up order completely  and parking lot over run with drug addicts
Having to pay for a cup of water is outrageous. $2 for a cup of water should not be the norm. Who do they think they are, Nestle?
I ordered the 2 for 4.49 crispy chicken biscuits for breakfast and they gave me the 2 for 3 mc chicken sandwich and then when I asked the manager Monica.why was i charged so much for sandwiches I didn't order she told me that she was short-staffed and didn't have time to fix it and gave me an attitude.
This McDonald's is way more efficient than the other McDonald's down by  Animal Kingdom with the drive thru they are also a lot more friendlier at least on the intercom. But they didn't cook my quarter pounder to temp because it was still red on the inside of the meat which was disgusting. I had to go to the door in order to get my burger fixed which then I ran into the situation of them starting to close their doors 5 minutes before they were supposed to close at 12 and the employee looked at me and said we are closed when I literally was holding the burger in my hand to show for proof. I look at the employee and say I know I came up here because I had just ordered from the drive thru this burger and it isn't cooked all the way. She takes the burger doesn't say anything and shuts the door with me standing outside. I then wait thank gosh she came back with a new one I didn't know if she was going to. I didn't get an apology though for my burger not being cooked all the way through though.
Not sure I have ever been to one that deserves 5 stars.  This was run of the meal McDonalds.  Average in everyway.
this mcdonald's is not open 24 hours despite all signage and hours posted. an employee rudely shooed me away when i showed up at 1:30 AM.
Went there for Doordash pick up. Store was close. So I parkedy car and walked to the drive-through window. A staff told me I have to get in line with all the drive through customers. Which took me almost half an hour just to get to the window in my car. That's nuts. The order has already been placed and all I'm doing is just picking it up. You guys gotta find a better system or else close this place down if you can't get it together.
A clean place with a good airco, food is another story. Bread of the burgers is dried out, french fries were cold. No do not go here if you want good food
Restaurant was clean and continually being cleaned...tables and floor..I liked this as it helps to keep the place looking well and controls the corona virus and other pathogens...food wad good
Take your service else where save your time. Manager is unprofessional and rude and so is the staff. OH and btw if you are a tourist they don   t accept more than 2 orders if you ½ï¿
Horrible service !  Made an mobile order and it took forever  to be ready . I end it up leaving without my order and you can not cancel the the order thru the app. I'll never comeback on this location.
It's McDonald's. You know what you're getting. You know that every once in awhile and order is going to be messed up but if you walk in they're going to fix it for you and probably throw in a free French fry. There's no reason to give these service workers a hard time they're doing what they can. Thanks guys. Everyone once in awhile I want some chicken nuggies and and it's always you guys and your sweet and sour love sauce. Hot mustard is acceptable sometimes.
"Terrible service,we have to go back 3  times since they forgot my big mac   , bbq's
Sauce  sweet sour souce  ,and my large order  fries with only half full.  The last thing is herzelnut iced coffee  with none flavor that I have to dumped away after first dip.  The most important thing is The only one staff seems so mad at work. When she doing the fries,one empty fries bag dropped on the floor,she got so pissed  threw a whole bunch fries bag on the floor.  She seems the manager, no other staff dared to point this out. They all just keep silent and clean the mess. If you are not in the mood ,go home plz. When comes to customer service, be nice then . That is the priority of your duty and responsibility."
A Big Dog was unleashed in the restaurant. Seriously? I love animals, but I have some allergy reactions.
The lady at the drive-thru window was so rude and angry (for no reason) that I cancelled my order and drove away. The lady would only answer with one word answers and was not even polite. Drove to BurgerKing across the street where I was treated nicely and my order was completed with no problems or childish employees.
Large capuchino???? The second picture with the flash light was other day, take your own review about it, IT IS A  ½ï¿½
Great food, service friendly and prompt,  restaurant very clean.
Employees are the make or break in the hospitality industry and Megan is the make of this restaurant!!!! Will return regularly just to say hi to her ½ï
No self service options you have to rely on the employees to give/bring you everything necessary if they even bring it in the first place
Person was very rude gave me the wrong order and the food was cold check the food back and got my money back
Made an order online. Arrived 15 later. The place was packed. We waited 50 minutes in the store for our food. We got the wrong nugget sauces. We were missing 2 LG fries and 2 LG sweet t's. The manager behind the counter was very rude to the customers. This place is a wreck.
Very rude!!! I came early morning today and no one came over speaker. I watched them hand the car in front me food out the window. But yet they paid no mind to me being outside the window. They passed by and didn   t say a word or even acknowledge I was there but yet several employees passed by and saw me. Even if you were closed despite sign stating 24 hrs the lease you could do is have some decency and say something. Really poor service. T
Companies need to understand it's not 2020 anymore. The public is tired of your excuses. Be aware this location starts breakfast at 4am however during late hours they shut their systems down meaning they only take cash, and mobile orders are not accepted, and the mobile app is not updated to make yiuu aware of this. Maybe it's legit, seems shady though. If anything it is poor management. It is understandable to shut down system during slower times if need be. But you should have it ready to go by time your breakfast hours start, and the mobile app should not be accepting orders.
Automated McDonald's don't expect excellent customer service, food is always mediocre.
Disney McDonalds let us down so we came to this one and the night crew knocked it out of the park. Great job.
They always have consistent food, no matter which one you go to
Stopped in for fast coffee but instead had the pleasure of watching Angelica work her customer service magic. She took the time to rework a customers order to take advantage of saving. His way of ordering would have cost $14 but with her assistance it was just $8. A blessing for this customer as he is on standby for the birth of his third granddaughter. Doesn't matter if you are spending $1 or $100...good customer service is hard to find. Stop in and get your savings with Angelica should you be in the area. ï¿½ï
Asked for a large water when they brought my order to my table.  And she never came back.
This is a Great McDs the food is alway hot&fresh and they are all nice unlike my local McDs in Lex,Ky
"More often than not, there is something wrong with the order when it is delivered.
8/23/22 - order came out correctly today
1/28/23 - fries were fresh and hot,  burgers were cooked to order; staff was friendly."
It's McDonald's, what can I say. Food is good but what we all really judge from them is their service. Always check your order, 80% of the time, they will always get big orders wrong. Can't blame them when we expect our food fast.
As a McDonald's goes it was great. Fries where hot, burger fresh and the pies where hot. My only complaint is that the opinions where very limited.
I GIVE IT 2 STARS because they were quick.But on the other hand,The fries were cold,and the burgers were drenched with ketchup. Told the gentleman to hold one moment and 5 seconds later a girl came on. Like give us a minute. I normally don't write a review and I hate to leave a bad one.But you would think because it's in front of oldtown it's hot and fresh. Just got out of the hospital wanted a warm meal.
Waited 34 minutes to pick up our order, and of course it was wrong and cold. Poorly managed, I do not recommend this location.
Unique McDonald's in that they request you use the touch screen order kiosks. I was hesitant at 1st but actually very convenient. You can choose one of the numbered tables you sit at and they bring your food to you. And Quick service the couple of times I did.
I have worked at a McDonald   s and I have never seen such disrespect, Lack of communication and unprofessional from a manger in my life. I had a Uber eats order and called 15 minutes before to make sure that it was able to be picked up and when they answered the phone I asked my question and I got hung up on not once but three times. When I arrived and have waited in the line the man taking the orders in the drive through said our Uber order would be ready at the second window. When we got there the manger told us no orders for Uber were available. When I asked if he could double check he said that we would have to go back in line and that he was busy. I understand if there is system issues but I 
Couldn't even order. I was greeted at the drive thru with "we're only taking one order at a time, there are 2 people in front of you, I'll get to you when I can" so I thought maybe they were severely understaffed. After 20 minutes at the speaker waiting, I pulled off without ever being spoken to again, to find at least 6 or 7 staff members kind of just hanging out inside, surely not moving the drive thru line along.
"Most unprofessional and rude mcdonalds I have ever been to.
I recently went to this Mcdonalds and order 2 quarter pounders with cheese with no ketchup or tomatoes because I have an allergy and a large coke. When I got to work I'm happy that I checked it before I bite into it because it had both. When I called them and spoke to the manager I was asked my name and to come back and they would replace it. I couldn't make it back that day because I was at work so I called the next day and left them know my name and I was going to go by and get the replacement and they said that I was ok to pick it up. Not even 5 minutes later the manager called me back and told me that I couldn't go pick it back up. When I said the manager said it was OK the person that called me back said it was a different manager that I talked to and thistles manager said absolutely not. Which it was the same manager. Like how unprofessional and rude this mcdonalds was."
Great for post Disney/Universal tourist dinner    Amazing quick service, fresh food, super easy self service option. I asked for no salt fries and no salt fresh fries is what I got. I was hangry after being denied service at Checkers (they were not accepting walk up orders at 9pm).
My favorite mcdonals. Fast service, great customer service and good food error free
"Be Aware!

Always a problem in this branch! Either order is wrong, or missing key ingredients in burgers (like ketchup for example), or stale meat ingredients, or the high prices, or the 45 -60 minutes long lines, etc.. What broke the camel back for me was when some customers would skip the drive thru line and when speaking to the McDonald's manager, I was told there's nothing they can do about it. Very bad area to be in for sure. Ghetto employees and ghetto customers. Better to drive couple more miles either way on 192 than to come here!"
Great experience.  Fast service.  Accurate order.  This location has the dollar menu.  Clean restaurant.  Highly recommend this McDonald's.
Took 20 minutes to order then they messed up are order charged us for there mess up. Questioned the price they gave us a hard time just to get the receipt to prove them wrong. That took  another 10 minutes.
My husband and I wanted to do a combo through the mobile order but the drink machine was shut down. The Manager Keith went out of his way to be rude and shut us down with a    No can   t do it    when we asked for a orange juice for the price of the soft drink scene the soft drinks were not available because soft machine was broke. As we stood waiting for our food he was being very condescending, and also maid comments like    he can ½ï
If this is the McDonalds we went to near Orlando, this is the best one I have been to in years.
Great fast service. They actually put lots of onions and pickles on their burgers here. LOL. S0 I actually started enjoying their hambergers more .
Just a standard maccies     I would prefer during the drive thru thst the menu 
Food was hot and order came as it was ordered. However they had no pop. It was okay, would i go back, sure.
"We have visited this McDonald   s twice now using the drive through. It took forever both times - the car in front only ordering 1 or 2 items! First time it took around 10 minutes to order and then we had to wait for the food another 10 minutes.
Second time too"
Not greeted when entering, employees refused to acknowledge us while we waited to order just to be told by another guest that we have to use the kiosk. An employee walking to the bathroom confirmed this. Kiosk doesn't accept cash and touch screen was not responsive. Decided to go to drive-thru and waited a few minutes just to pull off and go to chick-fil-a where they still know how to serve it's customers.
Raw meat! Dont go here, second time happened to me
No lie... It was 65* degrees inside.... We ate at the car...
"Kid wouldn't take our order with cash but took a single girls order with cash.

Walked us to a kiosk. This world's so screwed. And this McDonald's is racist. Would get negative if possible."
They were definitely earning their wages that day, it was really busy but the food kept coming out and orders filled
I don   t know what they say the lobby is open until 11 
The wait was really long in the drive thru but I can   t really c
Better to order in than go thru drive thru  
Ordered through Uber Eats at around 11pm one day, Ordered a Big Mac Meal, A Quarter pounder, and a 20 Piece. They forgot the big mac, and instead of a 20 piece i got a 10 piece. Kinda upset at that but i 
Ordered our food through the kiosk, served with a smile and very courteous. Very clean location. Though one of the managers was having to deal with a former employee that was trying to make a scene when the employee was clearly in the wrong, the manager kept her calm and remained professional as to not allow the situation to affect those in the restaurant. Very nice experience and would come back again when I am in the area!
I don   t
Man this place is so awesome when I rolled up there was a line going all the way to the stop sign it only took me maybe 15 minutes to get my food which is not bad at all. My wife is pregnant and was really craving and ice cream fudge Sunday their ice cream machine was down. I had ice cream at home but no hot fudge ask them to give me a couple few squirts of it and they obliged even though they didn't have a button for it I'm really happy and so is my wife thank you very much. Very chill people, appreciate you!
Easy and fast drive through experience. 24/7 is always a plus
Strange management??? Got what I ordered,  but had to do at kiosk.   No one at the register taking orders.   My diet coke barely had any ice.  When I asked for ice, I got deer in the headlights look.  Food was as expected,  but very strange experience.   I would not go back.
My family and I came here and we were all disappointed. They were not welcoming and they had a line, didn   t even bother asking anyone what they needed. The people needed to stop the worker and ask for what they needed, no one was ever at the counter. We are Hispanic and we also felt discriminated against because the lady at the counter didn   t want to give us refills and didn ½ï
The food is no good for you since I have found out since the last time I reviewed this that there is pork in their hamburger I will not be going there anymore I should sue them as what I should do I haven't ate pork in 20 years!!!! very disappointing, and you would think a big establishment like this could get turkey bacon or turkey sausage
Waited 19min for a single happy meal. Drive thru was not overly busy (2-3 cars past the order area). Dining room had moderate amount of guests ordering and waiting (never more than 5/6 groups). I counted 8 workers. I just needed a hamburger and 2 happy meal friesï¿½
They forgot my ice cream but I went back and got it. The line is very long weekends so go during the week. The curbside pickup is excellent. I am appending my review, this is the second time I ordered and they forgot an item. This McDonald   s is beyond busy 
l've paid for hot drinks but they didn't have hot drinks. So funny. Than they return my money in to my bank account but less than l have paid. They didn't refund as full amount
horrible horrible horrible manager at night. unfortunatly i didnt catch her name but shes the oldest one in the night shift atleast on most days when i come. today is 5/9/2022, and its 12:10am, and all i did was ask her if my order was still there cuz on my screen it disappeared and she just kept saying, U GOTTA KEEP WAITING, so i said, i dont mind waiting i just want to know if my order is on ur side cuz it disappeared on my side and she rolled her eyes and said, LIKE I SAID YOU HAVE TO KEEP WAITING!!!!! and its not the first time this happens. i was here one day when she yelled at a customer saying, I TOLD YOU UR APPLE PIES ARENT READY YET!!! that someone else went up to her and told her she needs to calm herself down. so disrespectful and rude and she should not be working anywhere where it involves guests cuz obviously she has no patience. you can ask her for some ketchup and she rolls her eyes right ahead!
Every time I came during my two week visit I was asked to pull forward into the parking spots where the mobile ordering area is, there was always 2-4  cars pulled up waiting for food just so they can make their drive thru times better. No one wants to pull forward for you to make your ratings look better. Get it together  ½ï¿
Average mickyD food, not bad. Customer service was not stellar and left much to be desired. Local clientele made it not optimal for kids unless you are armed.
Soooo slow. Waited on line so long to find out there were only 2 people working. Literally!!! I'm sure they make more than enough money to hire more people.
Best McDonald's on planet earth. Our food was so hot and fresh. The best of the best for service, and preparation of food.
Food was really fresh and tasty.  Staff was very nice.  Huge line after parks closing but they cranked it out.
"Don't eat here! Order is always wrong, takes forever, fries are cold and gross. Dining room ""closes"" at 11pm. NOPE! Really closes at like 8pm. Update the hours on your door!!! When we knocked on the door and pointed to the sign, THE MANAGER FLIPPED US OFF!

Cooperate needs to fire most the staff, all the managers, and get new people in there."
DO NOT GO HERE!  This was the most unprofessional treatment that we ever received by McDonald's. We felt like we couldn't even report it because we didn't have a name to call up the next day and speak to a manager he wouldn't even give us a name
Ordered food inside, first time back in two years. We come to Florida for vacation and the staff here is awesome.  In and out in minutes,  keep up the good work  ½
The servers and associates behind the counters are great. Things get fix fast and are always fresh no matter the rush.
Have to order by computer and no one to help. Asked for no mustard and crispy fries.  Had 6 worker's talking about a ring instead of just looking at me as I asked for help. Bathroom are nasty.  Won't go back again.
Insanely busy line around the building for the drive through out the door for walk in and order ridiculously busy customer service was friendly but order was wrong and took a long time to complete maybe they just need more employees on a Sunday morning my family is :-(
Always forget my sauces when I get delivery
Wish they learned how to cook there chicken sandwich.  Love getting there chicken sandwich in the morning,  but was very burned and didn't taste good at all, even burned the 2nd one when I asked them to remake it.
The drive through guy was super disrespectful and awful to deal with. We had ordered online and they said it didn't go through even though it charged us so instead of providing a solution he stood staring not saying anything. As well as when we got the food and asked if that was all and he rolled his eyes and said nothing. Absolutely one of the worst experiences in a drive through. 0
This has got to be the best run McDonald's ever!
Always worth coming to McD. The drive through was stabil quick, order was waiting for me, everything inside and no problem asking for more ketchup. The classics like big Mac like you would expect and good as always. Parking possibilities rigth in front of restaurant and drive in has even 2 lines. 5x 
Great experience getting a late snack here tonight
Lines longer than Disney. Staff walk around clueless half the time. Not sure if understaffed or undertrained. Corporate needs to come and take a look at this one or shut it down. Been this way for years now. Always the same. Always cash only at night.
Was visiting for a few weeks. Got coffee plenty of times and was correct maybe twice to three times.
Carmen the best she deserve a raise nice job
"Used a deal at the kiosk for a free kids meal w/ combo purchase and when I went to check out it said ""Deal is unavailable"" & wiped out the order forcing me to re-enter everything and the deal code was now invalid. I get that they are for ""participating locations"", but if you're not a participating location, put up a sign or something so I don't waste my time.
The drink fountain was closed 'to keep the restaurant clean' according to the sign so I went to the counter and asked for a refill and the manager said ""We don't do refills here"". What? Seriously? Unlike every other McDonald's? You're gonna give me the saltiest fries ever and then make me pay for a refill? Again, if that is this location's policy, fine. But post a sign so that the expectation is set"
"One of my favorite features of McDonald's for me is that I know what I can expect; offerings, flavors, etc.
This is true for this particular restaurant, however, it seems that being soooo busy (I guess excellent location) makes them impervious to concerns about customer service or satisfaction of their customers.

Running out of lettuce, running out ""of many things"", are management/logistics problems. Bad attitude, lack of courtesy, well I guess that problem is on us, the customers, right?

The two stars are for do providing the best breakfast sandwich in the market still, regardless of attitude and bad manners."
This is the worst experience I   ve ever had at a McDonalds. Waited in line for over 40 mins at the drive thru, then found out my filet-o-fish I ordered was automatically removed from the mobi
I ordered cookies and chocolate chip then I went to pay. The cashier was very rude he didnt greet me, didnt look me in the eye, and just announced  the price with no manners such as please. The lady at the drive through just shoved the bag at us, no eye contact either. Training for the workers at this Mcdonalds is lacking.
"This McDonald's usually ROCKS!
They can get thru a line that goes all the way to the highway in under 20 min.

Tonight,  there was no line. Also the inside was closed. AND...  THE ICE CREAM MACHINE WAS BROKEN/SHUT OFF. SHOCKER.

My son did something amazing at school and wanted a Sunday for a treat. So thats why we went.

Then they didn't put all the things we ordered in the bag and we drove off. 2 u turns in traffic and waiting in line now to get what they forgot.
So... I asked the manager if they could just add a small bag of fries since we had to do 2 uturns to get this item they forgot to put in the bag. She said No, we can't do that.
REALLY!?!?!?! I have worked in the food industry for 28 years.  I am well aware of what you can and can not do.
You didn't WANT TO. You didn't want to value me as a person, a customer,  or a future. You didn't want to do your job properly in the 1st place. You didn't want to apologize in any way shape or form.

I don't mind that a mistake was made. I do mind that they acted like it was my fault for ordering anything to begin with.

There are 22 other fast food locations in the quarter mile radius."
Horrible! Got home ordered a crispy chicken sandwich. They gave it to me on a plain dry bun, with nothing on it. Just chicken & bread.
Just went to this location. Worst service I ever had! I was unable to process my orden with the Kiosk. After I couldn't make the order I was standing at the line and the employee said all orders needed to be thru the Kiosk. I told them I tried it and was unable to complete the order and I prefer (wanted) to do it thru cashier. Manager Jennifer was rude and said that if I wanted to do it with a cashier I had to do it via drive thru. To be honest, that is totally disrespectful and unprofessional. Where is the customer service or Customer Service satisfaction?? You can not force your customers to do only kiosk!!!! What about people that can't read??? Are they not allowed to go inside the restaurant just because they can't make the order at the kiosk??
Self ordering stations inside offer a milk alternative for coffee and that's what we (thought we) got. Went through the drive through to be told they dont offer such a thing. My husband was in the middle of explaining the situation to the manager at the window when she just turned and walked away. My husband had to get her attention to finish explaining that the menu inside has it on there. She was slightly aggressive,  we left.
Order was wrong despite using ordering terminal and salad had large section that was inedible, see the picture. Looked like the lettuce had been out of date for a month. Took forever as well!
"24 hours, it's a joke right?
I arrived from my trip at 3:00am today 02/26/22 and the cashier notified me to wait.
After 30 minutes without attending to me in the self-service line, I decided to check if there was someone to attend me and nobody came out or said anything.  It is a lack of respect."
They won't take my order I had to use the self serving one n they didnt take our food to the table as the number thingy said
Not bad to be the only mcdonald's in the  area
Manager was the absolute worst! The talent pool must be real slim. They need to seek management with some sorta personalityï¿½
The line was super long, but I guess that's what should be expected when you get off the airplane at night and it's the only place still open. Thank you, McDonald's! Despite the line the food was super good! The crispy chicken sandwich was shared hours later slightly heated in the microwave and still great! The McNuggets were even good 3 Days later according to my daughter :-)
Fries were good and hot. I also got the crispy chicken     sandwich. It was hot but  seemed like they forgot to season it as it was very bland and basically had no taste at all. The only thing I tasted was the two pickles on the sandwich. I definitely will not get this sandwich again here. I have to say overall ordering the crispy chicken sandwich at any McDonald's is a major gamble. I have gotten it once or twice before when it was really good but more often than not it has not been good at all... Bland, burnt, dry, etc .. take my advice don't get the c
My quarter pounder with cheese was old, cold and dry.
Top of the line service. My husband and I came out from California to go to Disneyworld and the staff at this Mc Donald's was even more accommodating and friendly than Disney. The manager even came out to check on us. Just very impressed by how everything is running at this McDonald's.
They have the ordering kiosks here. It   s better to 
This location just recently allows you to dine in. But there are like 2 thirds of the seating unavailable.  The selfservice screen were not accepting card payments so you need to complete transactions at cashier anyways defeating the purpose of contactess ordering...
Really great service at this McDonald's, manager Joseph was very helpful In getting my order placed with my over tired 3 year old.   Very friendly staff.  Food was hot and tasty but the staff makes this place stand out from the countless other McDonald's visits I have had.
"Our order was incorrect. We ordered a Big Mac meal - with a large coke and a medium caramel frappe. We were handed a medium coke with the meal and frappe. When we said the coke was supposed to be large, the worker (Manager) asked for the receipt, which shows:
1 Big Mac Ml-Lrg
1 M Coke
Then she said: You have to ask for a large- We did!! She didn't offer to correct their error.
When do you ever order a large meal with a medium drink????? The fry was a large, but they were cold. The Big Mac was dry. I forgot why we don't usually go to McDonald's. Thank you for reminding me."
Awesome customers service. So so nice is an understatement of the employees. Fell in love with Micky D again after having lunch here.
No contact with the workers till they delivered.  Basically you were ignored unless you yelled loudly for attention.  Very disappointed and will never visit there again. Remover the kiosk in order to give a one on one personal touch.  Even a good morning!!! GO BACK TO COUNTER HELP PLEASE
Good food and service!
I place mobile order at around 9:30pm and it was fast and no complains about my order.
There were people inside but they were closed, but they did sell food, only that I could not buy because I did not have a car. If they are open for take away they should not DISCRIMINATE someone because he does not have a car.
Drive thru is the biggest mistake.  They Assured me everything was in the bag.  And nope no 20 piece chicken nuggets  
We use the McDonald's app on our phones. They have the best deals for lunch. Most times they have if you buy one sandwich you get a second sandwich for $.29 They also have a large French fry for $1.00.
Worst McDonald's I have ever been to. The food was dry, we had to ask for our drinks three times and we had to ask for the Happy Meal toy. There was one helpful young woman working front cash, who got the last drink sorted out. But won't be back unless management starts checking in and doing a better job motivating employees.
We stopped in for a midday snack since we were across the street at Fun Spot of America.  I placed a mobile order, the cashier didn   t know that.. after standing there for 5 minutes he finally said mobile order 1634.. I raised my hand and he slide me the bag. Never
I just want to warn people that they have a beautiful playground that you can see from the outside...but it   s closed. 
"Terrible.... 1st- no cashier, they force us to use the non user friendly kiosk.
2nd- why ask us to take a table number if you don't deliver the food.
3rd- 6 dirty tables.
Don't you forget they are many other fast food options...."
The service is good and food is fresh , the only bad thing  is just that its always packed because is a tourist area.
Great Customer Service from the staff here.
Says 24 hour drive through. They're always closed, shut down, doing maintenance, only cash, systems are down, or some other reasons why they can't serve the early risers. They shouldn't post on the signa that the drive through is open just to not serve anyone or have it on maps that they are open just to refuse customers.
Best icecream ever , vanila cone
Worst ever spent 45 minutes in line and then they never took my order through the intercom finally made it to the front they took forever to give me my order then get home to see a combo missing UGH then I call to complain and they never answered the phone!!!! Horrible management
I sat in drive through Tuesday night around 11:30 PM for 20 minutes and pull up to order and associate says sorry we are closed I explained to him that I had been waiting already for over 20 minutes and he mumbled something and said sorry the website says open 24hrs
This location has kiosk to place your orders only, similar to New York, then you wait for your number to be called to get your food. Staff was very busy, place was clean. Not super friendly.
It is unfortunate what I experienced in that place. A man entered in his wheelchair just to charge his chair battery to continue on his way.  and the manager of that store took him out of the place it was inhumane what she did with that poor person
This location Is usually clean,.. but not much Front counter assistance. Longest wait was 3 minutes.
This McDonald's uses a kiosk for inside food ordering. However if you have problems they will take your order personally. My meal was very good and fast.
The drive thru lane was fast.When I got the meal it was fresh  and  taste it good..But the only thing the orange juice was warm and the coffee they put their milk and sugar but it was no sweet enough.Also they forgot to give us ketchup.
Hey, we just left this place. Had a big order - lots of people hungry after getting to town late. Among other things, we ordered 3 orders of 20 nuggets, 4 large fries, a bunch of dbl cheeseburgers and a quarter pounder. Know what we got? A drink we didn't order, an apple pie we didn't order, an ice cream we didn't order, and one 10 piece nugget. In a big bag that looked enough like one that would hold our order - our bad, I guess, but our not checking closely enough just doesn't excuse just not getting 40+ $ worth of food. And then they don't answer when we try to call. Absolutely terrible store.
The park was amazing, LOVED IT! but the bus exit for the parking lot was HORRIBLE.  Needs to be designed choreographed and thought out better
The cleanest McDonald's I've ever visited. The staff was unusually helpful and attentive. The checked in with us twice in the dining area to make sure our food was satisfactory and offered to get beverage refills for us and to bus our table for us. Very well run establishment. A completely new fast food experience for my family. The food was good.
The people in this place could not get any more Dumber. Made it a point to order by the number on the menu board and they still are able to screw that up. Super great place to visit if your intention is to go through the drive-thru then have to park and go inside and fix your order each time.
I ordered through the app and it was ready in just a few minutes. The place is clean and the stuff is friendlyï¿½
I eat here once in a while when I'm in a rush or just need a good fish sandwich. Always good and fresh, never any issues with the drive though (which 99 times out of 100 is what I use). Good place for fast food. Drive through attendants are always quick and polite.
Came here after a negative experience with another McDonald   s. Super friendly people, quick service, and wi
They were very rude and food was cold. They refuse to let us inside and made us wait 10 mins for three sandwiches and when it was time to get the food two people were VERY RUDE. Next time I'm in town I'll never go to this McDonald's. They were slow, rude, and not friendly.
Clean location good staff thanks !
Food was fresh. Person at the window needs to learn manners. If a customer says thank you your suppose to say your welcome. It's customer service.
Had a confrontation with the girl in charge of taking drive thru orders, she took care of 3 cars in the left lane before taking care of us (right lane), then when I called her out on it she started yelling at me this was around 10am. The manager took over and was very professional, the order was taken correctly and nicely by the manager.
Food was cold. Cheese wasn't melted on burger. Is that all is that all is that all is that all after every item u order. I will tell that's all when I'm done ordering. Wow customer service is really bad everywhere these days.
Busy busy, the staff work hard all excellent customer service . Specially Megan.
Very bad so gross  didn't do clean up  ½ï¿½
Went at night at the request of my son since we had a very long day of driving. Bad move on our part. Ordered a filet. It was totally hard. Not just the bread. The fish was a hockey puck. Very nasty. Had to throw it out. The fries were the back up....thank goodness for those at least!  We also waited too long on line but his nuggets and fries were okay.
This is the only McDonald   s I know that decid
Pretty decent but the machines you go to for ordering was usually broken. I'm pretty sure the ice cream machine was broken at one point because we couldn't order any ice cream related products. All along it was a decent experience and I would probably go back again if I'm ever in the area again.
Excellent and fresh, hot, food.  The inside is spacious and clean. Friendly staff but I don't like the system where you have to order by yourself with the large touch pad, makes it hard to customize your order and confusing.  I'd rather just wait in line and have the attendants take my order like most McDonald's.  But at this McDonald's you must order at the touch pad by yourself.
Terrible customer service.....ordered from the kiosk, was the only person waiting at the counter and not one person acknowledged me. To make matters worse, the manager was assisting in fulfilling orders instead of delegating her employees. While they stood and had conversation I waited 15 min before I received a "Did you order?" Not even the management acknowledged me....can't expect good service if the management doesn't know how to give it!
super yummy stuff round the clock. If you plan a visit after midnight on Friday, Saturday or Sunday; expect long lines and extended wait times at the drive thru. always have cash handy since they may lot be taking cards at certain locations during the early hours. bon appetit!
"Friendly staff, always busy but food done in a good time and always hot. Restaurant kept very clean. Plenty of parking.
A good McDonalds to be fair."
They never seems to get our order right . Thank God we always check our food and for some reason I always have to go inside and they get in an attitude. So we will not be returning nor recommending to any of our friends or family
Quikly and S ½cure option near Saralago Suites on Kissemme. A classic option for children and th
We came here twice during our visit to the area. The first day, I would have given them 5 stars; the service was fantastic and, despite being extremely busy, they gave great attention to each guest. The second time, however, we came through the drive through and the service was terrible. It was very early in the morning, there were only a few other cars in line (maybe 3 in front of us?) and we were in line for at least 15 minutes.
"I needed a quick meal will on break at the Gaylord Palm business convention.

Pros: any location Im at from Shenzhen China to Hawaii to Orlando I can count on McDonalds when I land. They keep the same consistent taste world wide. as a business owner this is admirable. This location was efficient and fast.

Cons: we all know it's not the healthiest food but that had nothing to do with the location
So I only ate it once on my 5 day stay.
McDonald's should explore healthier options for the current market . But still a great experience

10 out of 10.

Stars : 5  ½ï¿½ï¿½"
Always clean and super fast ordering on the app
I had the worst experience at this location. I went to the drive thru and only ordered 2 hamburgers and a small fry. I paid and pulled up to get my food and was given the wrong order. I let the associate know it wasn't correct. He had me pull up to the wait window to get my correct food. As I sat and waited time was just ticking by. After 15 minutes of patiently waiting I wanted my food. No one came back. I knocked on the glass and no response. As about the 10th car received there food at the window behind me I had to get out of the car and walk back to that window as it was late and the inside was closed. I asked where my food was and he said he was making it. I asked for a refund and was given my slip refund a total of 28 minutes after first paying. I went back in the next day to speak with a manager to let them know that this happened. I had my receipt with the time and the refund receipt with the time 28 minutes later. He said oh I'm sorry they're new. Terrible customer service and uncaring management.
Service was trash, took them 20 minutes to take my order (no exaggerations... Seriously), can't even salt fries for some reason, and the employees weren't able to organize correctly. For example, at one point, there were three employees gathered around to fill one order. ONE ORDER!!!! Seriously??? I'd recommend going somewhere else then to spend your time and money here.
Never in my life have I gotten an uncooked, red middle burger from McDonald's until today!! Blaht!! YUK!! I nearly never, ever eat     from McDonald's let alone a quarter pounder w/ cheese and the ONE tim
Worst MCdonalds experience ever. 40 minutes and counting and no order. Don't ever stop here unless you want to get extremely mad
Employee was rude but it fine ï¿½ï
Waited in the drive thru for literally an hour. If we weren't trapped in line and had been able to leave we would have. They didn't give us any napkins and got our order wrong. The cashier said it's "always like this". Absolutely not acceptable. Especially for a McDonald's. Did they forget what FAST food means!?
Food was hot, but service a little slow.  Honestly, though, I've paid 5 times more at Disney and waited for about 5 times as long.  So, putting it in relative perspective, it wasn't that bad for this area.  We're going again this morning (I'm not a fast food fan, but hotel breakfast is just pastries), so I'll update the review if my experience is different.  If I were a local, though, I'd avoid this whole tourist-trap area on Irlo Bronson.
Service was terrible wouldn't allowed to use the app couldn't redeem point wouldn't let us use gift card I think they were pocketing the cash they overcharged us and forgot Burger
I'm sorry to give only one star. But during our visit were in the children's area 7 of 7 tables or seats are not clean. It was uncomfortable for me to sit there. There were many spots to see, unappetizing. if the area for the guests looks like, how is it in the kitchen. I do not want to imagine it. I will not go there a second time.
I felt so bad about how crazy busy they were that I wanted to jump behind the counter and help hand out bags! They did the best they could considering how hectic it was... and it was 11pm. It was pretty cool to see the kiosk that you can order from. Much rather order my food through that than a person.
Kind of touch and go with this location. Sometimes they're very attentive and sometimes they don't listen when you're trying to give them your order. Late night is when I've generally had problems with their service. Otherwise they are pretty good.
I placed my order at 7:33pm tonight and got the order at about 8:15pm.  I had to call to make sure they received my order. Apparently they either forgot or overlooked it.  Usually they would throw in a free item to make you happy..   not this place.
This was the worst McDonald's I've been in. We ordered using the kiosk and  they had numbers to pick up and take to your table where they would deliver your food. We waited 20 minutes for the food and it was dropped on our table without any courtesy. The coffee I ordered was missing as was the cup for my husband's drink. He went to the counter to get it and they didn't believe him at first. My coffee had the label on it for what I'd ordered but it didn't have any sugar in it so I added one and stirred it, took a sip and got a mouthful of grounds. The egg and sausage mcmuffin was cold as were the hash browns and  the coffee was tepid. I assume it had been ready quite a while before it was delivered. Usually when I get this meal things are quite hot. The whole thing was pretty dissatisfying and put me off McDonald's for a while. The staff didn't seem to be receptive to complaints so I made an online complaint on the McDonald's website and we left.
I placed an order about an hour ago only to find out that half of my order was missing. I called this location to let them know that I was missing half my order. The manager, Judith, stated that if I don't come before 4am them I'd have to wait until the next day to receive my order. Although I do understand that their menu items are schedule based, I think its highly unprofessional to turn their problem into mine. I understand that my items were not available after that time, but she was extremely unhelpful in finding a solution to the problem they created. I asked to speak to a manager and was told the manager is on vacation. The call ended with her stating that she does not have time to deal with my problem because they are "too busy".
"I want to apologize to anyone that I recommended this particular McDonald's to in the past.
This was the restaurant that I used to recommend to tourists when they were looking for a fast place to eat that was away from the Disney parks, but still close enough to get back to the parks quickly. At that time, it was worth it. The menu was cheap (or at least what you know to expect from a international chain) and, since it's a chain, you know what the food is gong to be like.
So, let's look at what you need to do if you are a member of a chain of restaurants. You need to set yourself apart with your service. This WAS the reason I used to recommend this restaurant. Sadly, I don't think they care anymore. The last time we went, half of the kiosks weren't working. One of the three that was, didn't print receipts. (This plays a part into why the service was so atrocious. Actually there was a lot that played into it.) Now, if you've gone to McDonald's at all recently, you know you pick your food at the kiosk, get a number that you take to your table, pay at the kiosk, sit down and wait for your food. Typically all of that takes about five minutes. Well, this day (and what I've garnered from tourists and locals, on many other days) the team at work decided they weren't going to bring the food to the table. That would have been fine if there was any indication ANYWHERE, but of course that would have been a form of service so that didn't happen. After about 15 minutes of trying to find a place where we could all sit together (only a slight exaggeration) we were told by other customers that were leaving that they weren't calling numbers and you had to wait at the counters.
Ok... So I go up to the counter and wait. We get our food 40 minutes later, and there were the obligatory mess ups that we had to get corrected. No big deal, we are used to this.
My in-laws are visiting and at this point I'm trying to figure why they haven't received their order. It dawned on me  that my father in-law doesn't have a receipt (remember the machine that wasn't printing receipts?).
The person calling numbers is calling the number on the receipt, not the tent number. Apparently, my in-laws food was ready in a master of minutes (amazing since that is all customized) and placed in the ""abandoned order"" area. If we hadn't said anything, they would never have received their food. The lady never once called a tent number. We told another person of the lack of receipt problem. That information never got transmitted to the person calling the numbers. When we spoke with her and told her their was no receipt, she asked us what the receipt number was. We had the tent card in hand and pointed at the receipt plastered on the ice cream machine, and she asked again for the receipt.
Aside from the travesty that was the most important thing a restaurant is to do, the place looked like a slightly cleaned up version of a break room at a local dump. I'm not sure if they just didn't staff well on this shift, but like I said, I've talked to a few tourists and locals and they all say it had been this way a while."
Hands down the worst McDonald   s I   ve ever experienced. Rudest employees. Lady in drive-thru looked like a manager and was infuriatingly rude and just a horrible person!! The young girl at the register refused to acknowledge me turned her head and walked right by as I tried to ask for help! Other people ordered, ate, and finished there food while I stood there unacknowledged for over 10 minutes waiting for 2 double cheeseburgers and a fry. A guy was just leaning on the counter doing nothing and walked away when I said I could not wait any longer. Never got my money back a
The only reason that I stoped to buy at McDonald's was because of my youngest daughter. But what we experienced today put an end to it. The employees at this location did not maintain an order serving  customers in the drive thru area. As you noticed, there are two lines in the drive thru and they are supposedly serve in a first come first serve basis but that was not the case. The associate, instead of been polite, talked to us in a not too pleasant tone. I did not wanted to make things worst so we placed our order and moved on to pay and pick up. Luckily the manager was close by and had the opportunity to address the experience. I hope they take this opportunity to improve their customer service skills and provide customers a much pleasant experience.
"Really slow service, took over 15 minutes to receive the food,  after it had been delivered to another table.

When it did arrive, the chicken and burger were cold. Duly sent back, to be fair they were remade and brought pretty quick, but no apology."
Take the extra 5 minutes to go to a different location!!!! My entire order was incorrect and stuffed into one bag which broke 2 seconds after it was handed to me. The person who took my order was more interested in rushing me then looking to see if it was correct. Went inside to speak with a manger and turns out she was the one who bagged my order! I then got screamed at by some young wanna be Rico suave who should   ve been in the kitche
Always a favorite, McD's is still serving up all the favorites - we were there for breakfast and had a short wait. Alas, no dining room availability at this location for now. Very reasonable prices, of course, and some delicious NEW breakfast pastries!
I stopped here yesterday for a quick breakfast on my way to work. I got a bacon, egg and cheese mcgriddle, the hash brown and a caramel frappe. I ended up with food poisoning  
Normally I would give this restaurant five stars but today service was really slow. I placed an order for two Egg McMuffins & a large french vanilla coffee. My wait time was approximately 10 minutes. I also believe on this particular day the restaurant was understaffed. Again usually this restaurant is a five-star McDonald's just not on this day.
"First time I had been to a McDonald's in America. It's certainly nothing special, but there isn't anything wrong with the location.

Food was fine and it was cool to try the different items from the menu. Also, yes, french fries taste the same whether you buy them from the UK or America."
I will admit this was a first at this location as it is always so busy when I arrived there was a line almost out to the street and this is a double drive through was worried I would be there a while but only took about ten mins as they moved quick and to my surprise my fries were fresh and hot. Best fries I have had in a while. Also got a cheeseburger and I must admit I was also pleased as I hate it when I decide to actually eat 1,000 calories and my cheese is thrown in my hamburger and not even melted yucky. But all was right on this last time. Good cheez burg& ï¿½ï
Ridiculous.. i am not one to ridicule, this is pure ridiculousness... I should not have to check behind people that are begging for higher wages and they can't even get a kids meal right... you forgot the nuggets and I also ordered fries and apples... I received  double fries,  no nuggets, as well as missing the sauces that were to accompany the nuggets. I tried calling when I arrived back. No one answered the phone!!! Here is your negative review that could've been rectified with you answering the phone to address these issues
Slowest McDonald's I have ever been to in my life. Took an hour just to order in drive thru... Then took another 20 minutes just to get our food (orders 2 burgers, apple pie, and 20pc nugget so shouldn't have taken to long at all
Busy, under staffed, slow service, condiment stand a mess, out of lids, ketchup dispenser broken.  I ordered to eat in and my food was delivered to my table in a to go bag!  Why take a number and have an associate bring a to go bag to the table????  Very,  very ill-run and poorly  managed location.  Just  awful.
I should never have to wait more than 5 to 10 minutes for fast food. Waiting for over 20 minutes in the line now and I still haven't gotten my food. I understand this is Midsummer but they knew this was coming before hand. They should have the staff and the facilities to handle the business demand. This McDonalds sucks
I love this place, I've been to this place for year's and not even one time a worker has been rude to me.
Unnecessary long wait time in drive thru. Drive thru is built for double cars and double pick up windows but still stayed behind 4 cars for 30 minutes. Only waited due to long drive home with kids in the car. Rude staff as well. Really wish I had noticed the Burger King across the street earlier. I would have even settled for checkers across the street and that's saying a lot because I don't think anyone willingly eats at checkers
McDonald's is ok. I just wish they wouldn't pester people in leaving while the kids are playing in the play place. I mean I get the no loitering, but we bought food, and kids are just trying to play and they didn't really finish their own good. They just wanted to enjoy the empty play area
I have ordered many times from this mcdonalds, how do you screw up a cheeseburger? I asked for no ketchup, no mustard, no pickles, no onion. I got no condiments and NO MEAT! I mean really, learn to read and pay attention. This is my 3rd time this has happened.
Extremely rude and impatient. I asked for 3 water cups with my 40$ meal and I got a glare and only one cup.  Then my brother who ordered a 20 piece nugget went up to ask for sauce because they didn't include any that we asked for, after waiting patiently and then asking several times he got 2 of the 4 he asked for.  He came back frustrated with only 2 so I told him to go back for more. He asked the manager 4 times to her face very nicely for 2 more and she just looked at him each time and went the other way. Eventually a kind fellow customer next to him reached over the counter and just took sauce for my brother. Not impressed
Double check your orders. I got someone else order and when i took it back. The employee placed it back to give it to someone else. I told her I touched the burger to throw it away. She looked at my face and lie that she threw it away. Horrible attitude from the cashier. Order was not completed.
Female cashier was rude and was very unprofessional. If you are a tourist and don't know when it is cash only you don't get a receipt do not yell at the customer like we supposed to know what is going on. The only good thing about going was lemuel he was a great help. I would not want the girl to serve us with that attitude.
Long line at kisok, which was only way to order due to lack of staff. Difficulty using my coupon since ordered from kiosk. Tea was weak, had been sitting awhile. Terrible experience
Worst customer service ever!! I was invited to come in after having to wait over 45 minutes on the drive thru. Manager Priscilla calls me to apologize and invites me back with my family, I explained I cannot come back next day, but would come following Sunday, she agreed and hung up. On Sunday I come to the restaurant and there is another manager Cynthia who I explained the situation and she grunted the whole time she took the order. While on the service line, she tries to contact the manager and right there from behind the line, she asks me yelling, what is your name, I tell her and again in front of EVERYONE, other customers included, yells again, "she tells me you came in already!!" I replied NO, at this point I'm embarrassed and upset and I hear her that she tells the person on the phone I already put it down. Twenty minutes later, I finally get the order. I ask her to change the fries on some of the things that were ready because they were cold. The manager grunts and agrees to. After my family were done with their meals, we had ordered ice cream and we asked to hold off until we were done. When we returned, we asked for the ice cream and we had asked for chocolate, they said that we had ordered vanilla and the manager gave us one less of what we ordered. Incredible! Bottom line, we were invited to come back to make it up for bad service and McDonald's came through, we got yelled at by the manager, embarrased, long wait for food, missing food items, and pissy attitude by staff. Next time I get invited back I guess I gotta read the fine print or ask for what am I invited to come back for. Sorry that we don't have negative stars because this location would take them all.
Only go here because it's open late. Food not always the same presentation or great tasting..but it is McDonald's. What do you expect.... You know when you go there what you're getting. Cheap food..poor customer service.. And maybe your order correct.
It was ok lil wait because busy but not too bad and food was ok.also
After waiting 20 minutes for to go food (which I get/it   s orlando) there was so much butter slathered on our egg/cheese and bacon bagels they went in the trash. W
Awful experience at McDonald   s. Waited over 20 minutes for food after ordering, eventually collected our food myself despite ordering table service. Food was sat on the counter in a bag whilst staff were stood around not doing a lot. Food was cold. Every table was waiting for their food and the queue to collect was almost at the door. Order was incomplete and had to queue up again to collect t
they took forever and it was hardly busy, i asked if my order was ready after waiting for like 20 minutes and was told no, just to be handed my order less than a minute after, it was sitting there the whole time, and the female working the register was disrespectful for no reason.
I visited this location during the morning rush. The store was clean and the staff was very punctual. My son and I received our food within 1 minute after ordering. This location looks as if it was recently updated and it includes a playland for the little ones. Based off of today's experience I would recommend this location to anyone visiting.
This location is frequently busy and if the general manager isn't on site, the dining room and play area become dirty quickly.  Service is notoriously slow, and since they cater to primarily a transient crowd, there really isn't a need to improve.
Just stopped by my local McDonald's to pick up some breakfast items before going to work. The 78th Street Tampa Florida branch is always on their mark, quick efficient usually correct with my order of hot tasty food. I can't believe how much I've been eating at McDonald's the last 3 years after many many years of barely ever going there since I was a teenager in the 1970s. Food is definitely better than it used to be, and I love getting deals with their online phone app and food questionnaires for freebies from the receipts.
The food is always on the meh side. Luke warm, never hot and fresh even when it's busy and the employees are typically miserable.
New interior looks great. This location has the new digital ordering computers. The food came quickly and the staff were helpful. Only downside was that one of the card readers was broken and it wasn't marked
All I had was a hot fudge sundae, which was good. The restaurant did not have running water at the time though so I was unable to wash my hands in the bathroom or to order a soda. They legally should not have been open. They were still running things as usual though.
"Showed up 20 minutes before the menu change and was told I couldn't order what I wanted off of the advertised menu. When I question that to the employee they basically said they were too underpaid and lazy to make me chicken nuggets and all I could have was the two mcChicken sandwiches they had left... Or nothing.

Great customer service... NOT"
If it were possible to leave 0 stars I would. Absolutely zero customer service. The only interaction with both guys at the drive thru was when the order was placed, neither of them spoke a word in person. The guy at the payment window was too busy talking with the guy who would be the person to push the food out of the window and he couldn't be bothered to tell us which of the 2 pick up windows to stop at. I would say that the behavior could have been excused if they were busy, but they weren't at all. Yet even being busy doesnt excuse the gross lack of basic human interaction.
Excellent location with a large playground and plenty of seating for adults. The food is your typical McDonald's fare with nothing special to write about. They have a large parking lot, and the bathrooms were clean during my visit. My only recommendation would be for the managers and employees to meet up behind the restaurant or in the break room instead of right in front of one of the main doors of the restaurant. It made the place look like a corner store and cheapens the image of this brand. Their service was top notch and although they were packed during this visit the food came out fresh and without any delays.
"As usual the food prep people don't know how to read a order slip. Big mac no sauce no cheese.
What did I get? Big Mac cheese ONLY on it.
Ya'll did make it thru first grade so you could read simple 3-5 letter words? Right?
Just asking."
The manager Judith is extremely rude. She gave us cold meals we said excuse me she looked at us and walked away. 6 minutes later she came back to me after leaving me standing there just stared at me and I told her    I   m sorry my food is cold    she turned around grabbed me a new wrap handed it to me and walked away. Never saying a word. We had a second order and still had to wait. It is 
"This McDonald's was excellent,  the staff was courteous and professional and although all I ordered was coffee, it was delicious just as I have come to expect from most of the McDonald's I have been to.

It is comforting to be able to expect consistency from a restaurant,  no matter where I go in America,  so far, there is a better than 90% chance that the coffee, for example,  will be the same thing I am use to and desire."
It can get tight getting inside when there's a delivery truck next to the store. Most especially when you're going towards the drive-thru ï¿½ï
Just horrible service.. this is probably my first review ever and sucks it had to be a negative one.. if you don't like your job then it's best you quit without bringing down the company with you.. lady in the drive thru window at this hour was making fun of patrons trying to order and I happened to overhear. Not something you want to hear when ordering to be honest
The workers are pleasant and the food here is always hot and good.
Quick service, accurate follow up
They had a broken latte machine.  The kiosk already had our CC deposit.  It took very long to receive our CC refund because the manager had to perform the business, and the restaurant was overly crowded.  They used to make great cappuccinos, but it got to be too loud, and those machines broke more frequently than lattes'.
There is a theme with drive thru only restaurant's cold food and watered down drinks and if don't check your bags well enough before you drive away and your order is wrong you can't just walk back inside and get it fixed you have get back in line and start all over again! Open up the lobby people
Slow. Food often old.
This is one of the busiest McDonald's I have ever seen. Very modern inside. Most people were getting food to go so there was plenty of room to sit but so many people waiting for food. At least it was very fresh!
"If Mc D thinks Kiosk service is the future, I would SELL My Stock!
Probably the Worst Mc D experience I have Ever had..."
This place is ridiculously high compared to the McDonald's just down the street. $20 for what is normally $10. On top of it didn't even ask if I wanted any sauces with my chicken McNuggets. Do yourself a favor and drive the extra couple of miles to any other McDonald's
Good for a quick bite on the go with a busy day right across the street from Old Town this place is got an indoor playground which is nice. The kids enjoyed it the one time we came in and stopped and let them play. Unfortunately the last time we came through the drive-thru and there was a vagrant near the one entrance so that was a little unsettling other than that has McDonald's go it was okay
40 chicken nuggets and 2 large fries for 15 bucks!! Also the ice tea is the best in Florida
So disappointed... I entered this restaurant only to be confronted with a computer taking my order..  which was Not working!! No one noticed we were having difficulty.  So frustrating. Wont come here again for a long time!
Food and service was good , but not enough  working personal
The service used to be good, but nowadays it sucks! I always order by the app and they make me wait over 20 min, I got out of my car and with a no really happy face they gave me my order, the place was dirty and didn   t smell good at all, you ne
the drive-thru line is super long and aside from that, the people who should be taking your order there don't even answer when you get to the ordering station. It took us about 15 minutes to get a simple order and that was too long.
One worker was very rude and I over heard him cussing at another customer. My order was wrong and I had to go back to get it fixed.b
Great workers were very helpful. Eating area play area were clean. Men's bathroom was quite messy and the toilet paper holder was torn off the wall. Overall will come again.
Sat in drive thru for very long time to be told no fountain drinks no frappes no coffee and food was meh
OH EM GEE! BEST MCDONALDS IVE EVER BEEN TO.. MAKE A REQUEST FOR A WORKER NAMED MEGAN, SHES THE SWEETEST AND SO KIND. GREATLY HONORED TO HAVE GOTTEN THE EXPERIENCE TO GO HERE!  
Worst McDonalds I   
This location has slow service and horrible customer service.  The computer order machine was not working,  instead of informing custmers they said nothing. Orders were backed up and the staff acted like nothing was wrong. What kind of training is McDonalds giving their employees.  For such a big business  and being involved in so many charities you think , they would emphasize excellent customer service. McDonalds you are slipping.
This McDonald's was the worst i haver ever been in.  ZERO STARS. Floor in entrance was flooded. Bathrooms disgusting. Soda bar dirty and filthy with no ice. Garbage cans over flowing. 12 to 15 people inside with one person working the register. This after sitting in drive through fir 5 to 8 minutes without moving.
What is the point in having employees in a store if they don't help you? The employees talking to each other and when you want to place an order they tell you to place it on the machine. The store was empty! What are they there for if the machine is going to take your order? They are getting paid to chit chat? Bad customer service.
We ordered through the app and we just went up said our order number and our order was ready by the time we got to the window and nothing was missing! Fantastic service!
Very clean and it taste as usual
Thought it would be a standard mcd   s however after placing our order and putting the table number for the meal to be delivered to us, it wasn   t. We went to counter to find part of the order sitting there then we were given the order with a lot of items missing ½
Absolutely the worst service I have ever had at a Mcd's. The place was busy and lacked the people/system to handle it. Customers angry having to wait so long for food while others had to return theirs because of inaccurate orders. It took me 20 minutes to get a simple order - one chicken wrap with sweet tea.
It's a good place for fast food
Got the order wrong. Went back. They told me to pull up 2nd window.  They forgot me. Then got the order wrong again.
If you like to sit in the pick up line for 20 minutes and when you finally get your food it is not at all what you ordered then this is the place for you.
Credit card processing down, it happens. But let me know instead of telling me  after 45 min in line. Sharpie paper and some tape .
The facility is a contemporary fast food restaurant with self ordering stations; making orders fast and reliable. Notwithstanding, the manager needs to work in interpersonal tact with her staff. Ultimately, the store next to McDonald gives customers a "free gift" if you bring your McDonald's receipt.
Food was decent until I found a tooth pick in my fries , unfortunately there wasn't anything I can do or say since I was just passing through on vacation from Chicago
"I frequent the drive thru here quite often and since their update the speed of service has increased.

Even though I am trying  to eat healthier these days I just can't stay away from my all time favorite Egg McMuffin. These ladies and gentleman are always fast and friendly  with a delicious sandwich."
Spent 15 minutes in the drive-thru,  most of which was sitting at the window waiting for my food. Didn't get a straw, my double cheeseburger had no cheese and my son's happy meal had no toy. All I ordered was a a double cheese meal and a happy meal and you couldn't get either one right even after a 15 minute wait. Completely unacceptable.
The ice cream machine was actually working at this store. Drive thru speaker was hard to hear. No wait and quick service.
If I could rate a 0 I would. I didn't even get my order because I had to wait so long. What fast food experience EVER!
Not from Florida..but every McDonald's I visited in this area was some of the best experiences you could ask for. Nice people. Fast fresh food. Super fun play areas, no complaints whatsoever.
Nice place to eat anytime you want. They are very busy. People come by the bus loads to eat hamburgers all over. It's a tourist trap. Cheap and hot food. Your money goes far. Most people go there for a quick meal and internet which is free.
3 stars for being a clean and friendly McDonald's but it'll never be a 5 star stop because they NEVER have ice cream. Doesn't matter where you go there's a 90% chance they are out or the machine is down. Morning? Down. Afternoon? Down? Nighttime? Down. Halloween? Down. On Halloween?! Yes, completely down all night. I know that ice cream machines being down is a running joke but this location is the king of it.
The staff here is not friendly at all. Where I grew up, you greet somebody, or at least say something. The drinks tasted horrible.
Absolutely Terrible Food ! No OPTIONS for Anything even remotely Healthy,  The staff is polite,  but McDonald's You WILL continue to lose business!  People are finally looking at All the disgusting ingredients that's in the production of your food. Even the yogurt has MORE SUGAR THAN A SUNDAY , I wouldn't even recommend the fries , Unless you want a Heart attack , with  a side of High blood pressure and Diabetes with a POSSIBLY of cancer, then okay go for it .
Absolutely the worst service! They "can't figure out the mobile app orders" when asked how to fix issues with long wait times the ride staff just says "what do you want me to do?" If you like people being rude to you and very slow service this is your place to not eat!
Very close to Disney.  Clean and quick service.
They did not get my order right at the drive-thru, so I had to go back and was late for work
Seems like the more one goes to this location...the worse it gets....toasting an English muffin should not be a difficult task... it wouldn't be bad....but lying about toasting it .......Shame on them.....apparently after a certain hour it is..not a priority to make decent food for the public......or decent fries...not to mention a double cheeseburger... simply gross.. Good grief....this place is certainly disappearing from my list of quick stops...to keep going by  cause Checkers is right down the road...
Have to place your own order. They forgot some of our food. Bathrooms smelled. Play area still closed.
"Very busy. Very dirty. One cashier and at least 10 people working. Line was long, the boy taking orders was moving at half the speed of smell.

I watched four groups walk out. We should have followed."
First 5 star I ½ï¿
"I have been staying at the Holiday Inn next door to the McDonald's for four days now. Every morning we walk over to McDonald's to get bacon, egg, and cheese biscuits and hash browns. EVERY SINGLE MORNING that we've went over there, we have gotten hard, rubbery, cold, biscuits. Their hash browns are hard as well, and there is so much grease that it runs down your fingers when you pick it up.

I called the manager and she was very polite and replaced my breakfast with ""better biscuits"". However, the replacement biscuits were undercooked. They were very doughy. I do not recommend this place to anyone. The convenience to the hotel is not worth the terrible food."
"Just went and got 4 McChicken, 1 Large French fry a medium one and a cheeseburger.

The entire order was old. French fries were saggy like and old lady titis. The McChicken tastes like they were cooked a month ago. Aaaah wait no coke because the machine was down. First is the shake machine and now the coke. Come on man. Worst MCDONALD Ever fuuuuck"
Totally hit or miss.. Old town is near by . So Friday nights and weekend's are busy at night. However, decent staff and consistent with the chains food quality.
I visited this McDonalds on my way home from Walt disney world with my kids 8 and 13. I went through the drive through so I could get back on the road to get home our order was not right onions on everything we asked for no onion and short a French fry. Also has no ketchup in the bag and I asked for more because our kids use a lot and was told no it was in the bag. I do not recommend the drive through.
Horrible service. General manager was in the store at the time. Was punishing an employee in front of everybody. Should've been more professional and took him in the back area. I waited 10 minutes no one in front of me and no one in the drive thru and my food still was not fresh. Don't recommend this location unless you can't get to a different location.
Very busy,  mad customers, long wait times for orders.  The staff is trying their best but can't keep up.  They need a new streamlined process and only one conductor.
Food was fine but line at drive thru was slow possibly because girl working window was more interested in texting then waiting on customers
I guess when you're in a tourist area you don't have to worry about pleasing your local customers for return business. Stale burger buns, cold and burnt french fries.  Medium fries box was about 2/3 full.  Drive thru employee didn't say two words to me beyond the price of my meal.
The Asian looking manager killed my vibe. I was asking questions about their cafe drinks in a bubbly tone and he just replied in a really monotone voice. I was trying to make conversation and he just ignored me.... now I feel awkward as hell...
The line for drive thru was out to the street! Not their fault it is not the first time. Once I got to pay point it was quick.
I went through the drive-thru at this location and ordered a big Mac a large fry two McDoubles as well as a medium caramel frappe however when I return to my room the big Mac was missing as well as the cookies so I drove back up to the location I've now been sitting here over 20 minutes and nobody has come outside to let me know what was going on I would highly recommend finding another McDonald's to go to seeing as they don't seem to care about their customers
Not enough staff to take orders. While I had a very basic order it was wrong. Didn't make a big deal just left. Very clean restaurant however!! Also needs to have more English speaking associates
The worst McDonald's I've been to! Went in around 10 maybe 11 at night after visiting disney on the way back to our hotel. Went inside because the drive through line had at least 10 cars, no big deal. I was ordering a carryout. Anyways they forgot the chicken nuggets for the 10 piece chicken nugget meal. I wasnt about to bring my two little ones back out so I called the store. I told them what had happend and said I would be back sometime tomorrow afternoon and to just get it then (my boys love McDonald's) she said that would be fine and she would be there the next day. I asked her name but it couldn't really understand what she said because she was talking fast. Anyways I go back the day and told the lady at the drive through what happend, she didn't know what to do and had to get a manager the manager comes on and asks who I spoke to and I told her I didn't remember but she said to bring my receipt in and she would take care of it. Manager didn't believe me. I ended up just buying another one and I know its literally only a few dollars but it was the principal.
Quarter pound CB although made correctly with no onions was raw in the middle (not noticed until my husband was already almost done eating) then he just threw it away, hopefully he does not get sick. Kids meal CB ordered with no onions (not rang up that way) was covered in onions! Lessons here: cook outs not being done to make sure on quality & not serving raw product & cashier needs a little more training....because when I ordered my CB kids meal with no onions & a Large diet cook as the drink. He did not put on there the no onions & then asked me what did I want to drink.
It's really ridiculous that I'm coming every day for my breakfast at this branch and they don't care about customer satisfied, every morning I ordered 2 hot coffe and they gave me cold one! Again and again it happened
If this is the location next to Old Town, I love it. My food was fresh and everybody read accommodating  
Tepid food after waiting 15 min is not cool.  Florida McDonald's needs to step up its focus on food preparation.  When their fries are hot and fresh you can't get enough.  But cold #"%$= enough said
Probably the fastest Mc Donald   s in the area. I saw a big line of cars, but spent less than 10 minutes until I left the place. Even inside the attention via the se
If I could give it NO STARS, I would!!  We waited MORE then 20 mins (inside) for our breakfast!  Ok. I can see if you are that busy & need to make the food...after 30 minutes we got cold food & the hashbrowns were so dripping in grease (and cold)....disgusting!
Food was good don't like self order screens
Great location friendly service pleasant staff!! Our food was delivered fast and hot. I ordered coffee and it came out just as expected! Hot and delicious!
Truly one of the best Mc Donald's I've every been to! Best fries, the Big Mac actually looked like the photos you see! Being close to Disney, this location clearly works hard to make a great impression on tourists and it shows.
Morons running the restaurant. The $6 meal is a rip off. We asked if we could get the same deal but sub a side salad. They said yes then they over charged us and yold us "oh no substitutions." Watch your tickets and repeat your order three times so the cashier and shift supervisor understand what you actually want.
1st night in Orlando in vacation. Drive thru was packed so we went inside. Waited for 10 minutes and manager said lobby was now closed and we had to leave
The place was clean, the washroom stalls needs repairs and it was clean but smells like urine big time. Staff are friendly and helpful. Thanks, Rick Stasiuk, Wetaskiwin Alberta Canada T9A 3R2
The girl who takes the payments is SO RUDE! If you hate your job, look for something else or at least treat people nice.
This is quite possibly one of the worst mcdonalds I have ever been to. Multiple times we have ordered mobile and whenever there is an issue the manager on duty blames us. He even felt the need to come out to my car and berate me over it.
During the Daytime its alright, but at night they block one of the entrances with trash cans and lock the other one. (EVEN THOUGH THE SIGN STATES 24HR DINING ROOM) So you're forced to drive through. I didnt expect much but whatever....
This particular McDonalds across from Old Town, is a hit or miss and I went to try the new chicken strips as an entre with my #4 chicken sandwich meal.  Before I left the lot from the drive through I checked everything.... The strips needed more cook time "my opinion" so I brought them inside and made the request.... Now it's McDonald's... you should expect some kickback or something but to my surprise I was really shocked and amazed that the order lady took it, told the M.O.D. and he says he can take care of it, he just needed about 5mins I told him no problem and waited. Now when I did receive it, he made sure he gave it to me, and when I got home to my surprise added an extra strip! 4 of 5 stars because the chicken sandwich was very delicious and the service blew me away but the strips I just didn't like.
Today Monday December 19 , 2016 This McDonald's Restaurant Has A Wonderful Services The Employees Name Is Miss Caprice & Very Happy & So Sweet & Very Helpful Food Is So Good The Morning Breakfast & The Hot Coffee & Ice Coffee Awesome The Big Breakfast Just Love It & They Have A Play Area For Your Kids To Run Around Fantastic Idea & Great Job McDonald's Restaurant Putting A Play Area For The Children To Play Around Perfect My 100% I Will Definitely Give You !!
The hours say they are open at 5:00am but it's 5:30 and the doors are  locked. I have been waiting for half an hour and still not open only drive thru I don't have a car so thats not helpful.
McDonald   s taste horrible through postmate ½
The food is good and the children's recreation area is very good but there is no supervision of any Mc Donald's staff to ensure that the play space is respected for children under 3 years of age. Big kids get into their space, push them, step over them and step on their parents do nothing or Mc Donald's. I never back with my kids
An abysmal excuse of a restaraunt, this location is a McDonalds only in name. With a wait time of 10-15 minutes at best for even the simplest order this location completely and utterly fails in its purpose as a fast food location. I strongly recommend any reader to take their time and money to ANY other location.
I   m assuming this is the McDonald   s on celebrations so that I write this review under the correct McDonald   s on Celebrations...Manager name with a J I think it   s Jasmine or Judy I think it   s Judy but young lady was not professional(she is blonde and worked around 11pm 08/04/18).. I ordered my food in drive through when I got it the food was not good the meat was burnt, the bun was hard , the sandwich basically looked really old.. I came in told her the situation not once did she apologize for the horrible sandwich... I had to ask for a new sandwich to be made instead of her even suggesting it...she took the sandwich food preparation ..horrible food poor management needs to do better !!! Took my money and went else where..this McDonald   s will no longer be geting my service 
Included in my bill items I did not order 
Went inside...nobody even acknowledged us. After 10 minutes we went through the drive thru and got our food only to get the bag with all of our fries put in upside down. Real nice.
We were visiting Orlando and I needed coffee. Service was fast. Staffs were friendly. The sausage biscuit taste like freezer. The coffee was good.
Cleaness McDonald's, friendly attentive staff!
Service slow. Manager was rude to everyone including girl on register. All 20 nuggets were cold along with the fries. When they didnt give me sauce rhe manager told me to wait even longer for her to get them.
For kids its probably nice but adults running through or driving through for a quick bite you have to basically explain what you want on your burger. Ordered 2 mcdoubles with cheese and 2 small fries and they were so dry they were kinda crunchy without cheese or even fully cooked. Had to trim off parts that were either undercooked or too hard to eat. And with burger being so dry its almost like you need a medium drink to even eat the burger, and sadly I started with the fries. And to top it all off after using a card in the drive through i never got a receipt. Never going back. Would rather go to checkers across the street.
Google says 24hrs drove up before midnight and lights were shut up. Multi billion dollar company but can't update Google hours or train their employees to speak and communicate.
Great breakfast burritos with fast service. Biscuit could break a window. That McDonald's quality everyone ï¿½ï¿½
I am visiting Disney and staying in a hotel up the street. Have come here twice after leaving the park between 11-12:30. Each time I have waited in the drive through for over 15min just to place an order and then another 20min to pay/get the food. Only reason I don't leave is nothing else is open.
The price is good using the McDonald's app with the dollar coke, what is the point of giving free French fries when they are cold. They were absolutely been trashed. Customer service was good this time.
"Read down place has changed a lot! Getting to be excellent place to go!

Not good, new construction is nice. But understaffed. Even at 2-3am you can walk in and find over half of the tables covered with trays and garbage. Also the floors heavily littered. Yes you are supposed to buss your own table at a fast food restaurant, but alot of foreign/domestic vacationers are just filthy. They just drop food and wrappers everywhere. When they are done eating they just get up and leave.
Host/busser is needed for the dining area for the sloppy pigs. More register coverage for the guests. When a crowd of people have to go through one register while the kitchen staff waits for orders is inefficient.
I have had 2-3 errors in my 8 visits. First one was when they put extra mustard on burger instead of adding mayo. Second was they ran out of hot fudge and instead of telling me they used the coffee chocolate topping for my Sunday's (yes 2 of them).
I caught the first error quickly and was easily fixed properly by management before I left. The 2nd error wasn't caught till we where eating the Sunday's at home. I took one back as proof of the error to get a refund. At first they only wanted to refund one but with several minutes of bickering they refunded both. Yeah it was only $1 and some change but it was the principal.
I walk to and from the restaurant since I have no car it is about one mile away from my home. I always request 2 plastic bag's for my food because the one paper bag they put my 6-8 burgers fails halfway home. The 2nd one is for the 3 Sunday's.

Another epic failure, ordered 2 mcdouble no mustard and onions. 2 bacon mcdouble  and 2 mcdouble regular. Received the 2 mcdouble wo/mustard and onions no problem. 2 bacon mcdouble had no bacon and no mustard fail. 2 regular mcdouble had no mustard either fail. 2 large fries ordered and received 2 medium sized fries and 2 of the smallest sized fries I've ever seen (guess they where kids sized) fail. The 20 peice fry came without incident. Less than 1/2 of the whole order came correctly....
7/16
Getting better and better, the manager Monique she runs a tight ship. Every time I'm in and she is there every thing is smooth sailing. A great thank you for your great service Monique!
7/18
Wow place was packed! Was able to wait just a short time and got my order. Looked around and yep there she was Monique steadily coordinating the staff! Must of been 30+ people in line only 5 min wait. Later I saw her again in the lobby assisting a guest with her drinks, both with smile's on."
I used to love this location. It is the close one to my home. But lately the service has gone down hill. Mostly through the drive thru where I usually get most of my orders! New management or what? Please quit thanking me so much and get my order right. Oh and when I say two cremes and 4 splendas in my coffee get it right. This morning the sticker they put on the coffee said 3 cremes and 4 sugars. I am diabetic. I tested it and it was not right so I waited to get to work and put one more splenda thinking they had not put the right amount. Drank about half when I noticed the sticker. That coffee affected my health because of the sugar! Their is kore but why bore you. Hope they change.
This Mcdonald was very clean, the employee was so respectful I enjoyed eating here. The restroom was clean I actually allowed my little one use the restroom without worrying. The play house full of kids and very playful
I had an order that was wrong. I went back the next morning and the manager gladly fix the mistake he was very professional very kind and I love this McDonald's I eat here almost every morning. It is a very good location the managers are very professional and friendly and I highly recommend this McDonald's above almost any other I've been to
Prince took my money and was a wonderful human being to transact with. He paid attention and knows how to give solid dollar bills change by asking for 55  ½
I've been at this location a couple times. Definitely a faster service compared with the ones i've visited so far. The lady at the drive thru seem like she actually cared so that's always a plus
Ordered mcdouble bundle no ketchup light onions and extra mustard I got cheese and pickles. The fries were terrible and my drink was fine.
& then they complain they get paid min wage. I'm aware this is a fast food place, so I don't expect to be treated like royalty, but the service here is extremely slow. The staff have no customer service. Avoid this place, unless you are literally in love with waiting
The never has the coke icee.
I had a great experience here. It's a very high traffic store but kids pretty clean, the staff was helpful and we got our food in less than 10 minutes after ordering from the kiosk.
I work at Ponderosa Steakhouse next door to this McDonalds. I have visited this location many times. When there is no business and its slow the workers just stand around talking like nothing going on. I've tried to place my order many times in hopes that I'd receive my food fast enough to get my food and head to work next door before I have to clock in and start my shift. The management is slow and doesn't help out as I figured they wouldn't. My mother went here as well after dropping my off at work to only experience this as well. Many people have to wait foreverrrrr just to get a simple order. The last time I went I just ordered an ice coffee French vanilla and instead of handing me the ice coffee they placed it besides a counter and made me wait 12 minutes for it. I didn't ask anyone this time because im just feed up with this location. If you want McDonalds DO NOT! and I repeat DO NOT VISIT THIS LOCATION!!! They care more about drivethrew then there customers eating inside or taking it to go!!!!!! I'd rare this place 0 if I could.
Was given completely the wrong order after having to wait more then 10 minutes for what should have just been 2 burgers and fries. Called repeatedly to explain the error and got a busy tone every time.
This is by far the worst McDonald   s EVER! The lobby was completely packed with people and they had one person on front line, they also made the food too early so by time the customers got their food it was cold and the employees were singing and goofing around and not doing their job, and it was very unprofessional! Finally the McDonald   s were short handed and the drive thru line was big, and they were extremely slow and it took them 20 mi
Very bad service. Theirs always a problem, to many workers not enough service. Too much hanging out like if their high school kids,  and they always have you wait in the parking lot for something,  and when it arrives they still forget something.
Slow as he'll and on top of everything I was missing food. After all the waiting. Never responded
The worst McDonalds ever! After standing in a backed up line with one guy running the register who had no clue! A manager finally steps up to help and still the line remainder ridiculous! I started watching people just walkout because of the wait. This McDonalds is in a prime location and you would think they would be better prepared. Chick-fil-A is a block down the street and has a smaller parking lot and they never have the problem this McDonalds does.
The worst mcdonalds in any country I have visited. Food is ok, but the service was awful! There were more people queuing to complain than there were people sat in the restaurant. Staff were slow and not interested. Took over ten minutes just to serve some fries!
Terrible service. Manager laughed in my face when I told them I was not satisfied with my food and service. I ordered the big breakfast without hotcakes. The eggs were old and half the portion that I normally get at any other location, the soda was flat, the coffee was cold and the staff is rude. This place should be shut down. Absolutely the worst McDonalds I've ever been to in my life.
I always go out of my way to go to this McDonald's they always make their french fries right well the way I like them the food is always hot service is always good looks like they're taking all covid precautions I recommend this one across from old Town
Worst experience ever long wait. Then when I got to window waited again. Till I literally had to ask WHY AM I STILL WAITING FOR MY FOOD. as bags were sitting right in front of me.. Total wait time at this McDonald's was like 20 mins. RIDICULOUS..
chicken nuggets had a lot of those chewy fat pieces and was stiff. if ur gonna eat here get a burger or sumn. Fries were tasty tho!
The line was long but they moved us right along all employees were friendly and courteous the food was fresh and hot I will definitely go back to this McDonald's again
Sitting in line at drive thru for 30 minutes.  Inside closed for whatever reason.  If your drive thru has a 30 min wait then why would walk up be closed? The owner of this place is an idiot.
Drive thru was closed today. 10/9 at 3:45am. Is it still 24 hours if the drive thru is closed and the dining room as well? Park your car and wait, or drive 7 min down the road to the next one....oh the options.
They forgot about me in the drive-thru after asking me to pull to the third window. If I could leave 0 stars I would. Finally went into the store to see my bag sitting on the counter for so long it needed to be remade.
"In a pinch, it's food. My burger was slipped all over the inside of the wrapper and floating in grease. I just ate the dry parts. My husband's chicken sandwich came without any of the toppings and completely drenched in mystery dressing. Fries were super old and had that old grease fishy taste. Sodas (coke and Dr Pepper) were next to flat.

We were starving after a long hot day so, we just ate it and tried not to think about it."
The Service is bad in special the drivetrue they never give the food correct and management are worse that the bad service that people receive they do not know the meaning of customer service. That McDonald's need to change does managers or give them a good training in customer service, courtesy and Ethical!
One of the better McDonalds.  Fast, accurate, clean.
I love McDonalds.  Been in my life all my life.  No bigger disappointment than waiting for my meal and getting lukewarm fries.  This one gave me lukewarm fries after I waited 15 minutes for my meal.  I hold McDonalds to a very high standard and, for me, the fries make the meal.  No exception!!
I waited 10 minutes in 106 ½F to be told I can only place two orders instead 3 in the drive through. It's 2016 and I'm only able to get blue Powerade instea
I used my McDonalds app and got some crazy discounts... but I'm still unsatisfied. The food is sad and old. Mr. Happy at the Expo looked like his life was over and didnt know anything about customer service.  The iced coffee was basically milk and creamer minus the coffee. I know this is fast food but damn, you guys didnt even try today.
Breakfast was good and the meals were delivered to the window accurately.
Slowest, most under staffed McDonald's I have ever been, everyone honking on the drive trun, people screaming they have been waiting forever, very stressful environment.
"Manages to allow something to screw up anything Everytime! I came here for 6 days in total. Normally I do not eat at McDonald's but this place is very close to where I'm staying.

They have new electronic ordering system using touchpad on giant vertical screen. Still gets my order wrong 80 percent of time... What? Asks me what drink I want. Then I just get the cup so why ask me? One day, I leave the locator number on table while I go bathroom. Locator and food is gone. Takes me a while to get it sorted out.forgets my drink {again)

One sauce dispensor just explodes pop knocks the container out of my hand under strong pressure. Gets little sauce on my clothes, not too bad but Jesus Christ... One night, lot of drinks do not work except for coke (yuk)  few other things not worth mentioning. They get swamped a lot nad hardly can keep up.

Otherwise place is relatively new looking as well as private bathroom with your own stall and sink. Clean."
Very clean and well organized McDonald's.  McDonald's even has an indoor play area for kids, with a slide. I would highly recommend eating here on a rainy vacation day to allow your children a chance run off a little energy.
Very disappointed that there was no indoor seating. Doors were locked. Drive-thru only. Needed to sit at a table and eat. Decided to eat elsewhere.
I ordered off the screen. It said take number and they will bring it to the table. Well the manager got my order together and got it totally wrong and then stood up there call the number and made me come get it. Did not receive any of my drinks. Went back up there a day the manager was not nice at all. Will not visit again.
Don't like to order on a machine
Jenny or wherever name you have my dear, pls listen to your customer. God bless your heart  
Ordered the new strawberry sundae, too expensive. Tasted like strawberry jelly was used, too sweet and thick. Just order the regular sundae you get the same amount of ice cream. Took way too long to get my sundae.
I have an 8 year old lady, a 7 year old and a 3 year old. Mickey D's is apart of their life whether i like it or not, and its convenient. So chicken nugget me to death.
Service was fast but quality of food was disappointing on both trips
Went here to get food got the completely wrong Order in the bag. And the workers want to make 15$+ an hr. How about do your job correctly first.
So. When me and my family were getting McDonald's. when I ordered a bacon mcdouble with ketchup only, when I opened up my burger, it had pickles and onions on it when I didn't want!!!! I was waiting in the car for 10 minutes for my food. Not coming here again. I'll go to a different McDonald's from now on!!
Showed up here order than quarter pound of wwith cheese meal large and a given order to other people and I'm still waiting on it I wouldn't come here
Priscila the 3rd shift supervisor\manager on duty does not care about costumer. I   m regular in this McDonalds and usually go on second shift and they are great! But Priscila was not wearing a name tag so I had to ask her for her name, Treat me like nothing. She really needs to work on her costumer service or go to anger ma
Fast,friendly, service.  Good quality lunch. ½
Ruse as could be. Opened window and reached out with food while not even looking at us but to something else to his left! We tried to ask for something but he gave the window a shove shut and walked away. No eye contact was made. He didn't even pasture his body toward us. Horrible experience being made to feel invisible!
Been to this location several times, only problem is the amount of time waiting for food for dining in & take out orders..... Always made food according to order.... Friendly staff, kind service. Kiosk could use work as the mcpick 2 is not on it and u will pay regular prices if not careful!!!! Otherwise, great!!!
This McDonald was very very good got me what I want and got it quickly I went to another McDonald's on South Orange Blossom Trail and it was a worst experience I've ever had I speak Spanish and you Spanish people that are absolutely racist and didn't want to even help me I don't know what the problem is but I don't think they should be working there what state was they were making saying nasty things about me in Spanish I understood what they said because I speak Spanish that you didn't know that
Food was fresh and hot and actually looked like a burger should definitely better better than what we get back home in GA
Had a crispy chicken sandwich which was ok, small case and fries which resembled a form of spaghetti. I should of gone to Chick-fil-A.
Food was fresh, albeit the service was a bit slow. A very good McDonald's that I will most definitely be going back to.
Very fast and efficient and the manager was very friendly despite the location being under construction.
36 mins to get food and got told it's because we had a large order.   Service was super slow.  People waiting 30-45 mins for food is ridiculous. Oh and by large order it was 4 Happy meals and a couple 2 for 3.  Ugh very disappointed
Keith was by far the best fast food employee I have ever come in contact with. He was so generous and helpful, truly deserves a promotion.
Nice food and nice play place
Waste of time. Run. Do not go there. You have been warned. They will waste your time, and mess your order up, three times in a row.... Amazing. Zero Stars is my answer but I had to at least click on one to get pass this part.
Fast service, nice play area. Clean store. The manager was out cleaning tables and asking if we needed anything. Play area had some broken equipment, but overall it was one of the best experiences at McDonalds.
An awesome McDonald's restaurant that serves food properly prepared,  quickly,  and at the appropriate temperature. This location has that McCafe remodel so it features comfortable niche seating,  charging ports for your tech, and other similar comforts that encourage you to stay and relax for a few minutes.
Horrible I ordered two mcDoubles plain pickles only and on attempt #1 I received two with everything on #2 I received a mcDouble pickles only and a single patty hamburger.attempt #3 I took the hamburger back and received a double hamburger.. So I asked for a refund..which I received.. But what really shocked me was the attitude I received for trying to have my order corrected. Bad business
Don 
They did not put my two big breakfast meals into the bag when I was in the drive through.   I called them many times and not even get a person to pick up the phone.
Legit the worst McDonald's ever .have the app can't ever finish my purchase day or night cause guess what they aren't taking app orders .. then Everytime I go it's cash only who the hell carries cash anymore ..this is my Fourth attempt I ma over it the only reason I am even going cause it's open late
"I visited this establishment as the kfc over the road was a let down like no other.
Only pro here was that I got what I actually ordered however what a game trying to order it.
The lady was not listening at all and just started adding anything and everything to my order.
She was ruder then my explicit Eminem album and when I finally got to sorting out my order it was awful.. My chicken nuggets tasted like chewing on the chickens feet fresh out of the pen.
My Apple pie was questionable to if it was even a pie or not.
They only gave me bbq sauces, like who doesn't want ketchup ???
The best thing about the meal was driving out of the establishment never to look back again.

2 start because it was better then kfc."
Amazing! The best McDonald's food I've ever had. Missing food I had to go back for but well worth it. The food made it okay. I didn't mind the inconvenience.
The manager Cassandra is very rude to customers and very unprofessional they did not acknowledge people standing at the register and then I asked if they were taking orders they reply with that's why the kiosks are there two customers walked. I work for Uber Eats as a driver picking up food and then I experience very unpleasant
Ridicules they still have the dining room closed. Even for take out . Not everyone can go through the drive through due to a truck and trailer .
Slow service and the apple slices were out of date
They forgot to put in the toy, milk and plum sauce in our kids happy meal and forgot the salad dressing for our meal. Never have I seen such a terrible Mc Donalds in my life. I have been in them all over the  world with constant quality till now
Went to eat at 3:40 am.  And the guy tells me that there's only mc chicken sandwiches. And that's all.  And if I wanted breakfast, I'd have to wait till 4 am.  Ridiculous.
3 trips here for a collective total of 45 minutes spent... They can't figure out the two lane ordering system... This is not FAST food by any stretch of the imagination... McDonald's are everywhere... Find a different one.
I was robbed.  I was charged on my bank card. and i was again charged cash.   I paid twice.  and got no refund.  all I got back. was a threat and an attitude.  no cash back
Very modern McDonald's, you have a kiosk where you can order and they brink your food to you. They also have a nice pkayplace for kids which looked new and we'll thought out with touchscreen computers for older kids. Very nice!
Fast Friendly Service at McDonald's I get plain Hamburgers across from World Famous old Town Tourist Resort and Car show in Kissimmee Florida
Employees in the drive thru were rude, they forgot to put napkins and straws in the bag, and when they brought the order to us in the parking spot they thrust it at my husband with a "here" and walked off. Very rude.
Worst service a cash only McDonald   s lmao (to be fair it   s 3am) anyway went through drive thru twice first in both lines and still didn ½ï
Very clean and very kind staff. The best McD I ½ï¿½ï
Very busy but line moved fast. Hard to get by other cars to exit that are in drive thru line, have to wait till line moves enough to pass.
And use the new ordering system at a kiosk and it was an interesting first time.  It Takes some getting used to.
Yes the area Mc Donalds is known to be busy, but they  had me pull forward and I waited for 2 teas for 20 minutes, after already waiting 10 to get thru the drive thru ,no apologies at all, the first set of ice teas where sour to the taste ugh
Didn't get anything to eat this time,  because they CLOSE THE LOBBY AT 10PM!!! Didn't go through the drive-thru cause I'm on a motorcycle. What kind of dingus closes half their store to customers in Old Town??
Took forever in the drive-thru(over 30 minutes) and the food was sloppy. They seemed pretty busy, in their defense.
great food. n service n mega clean inside n best part u can go inside n enjoy great breakfast. inside!!--
Good was great and the order was correct!! Great job McDonalds
Can get pretty busy but it   s right next to the holiday inn which is very convenient! It 
They were stink add no manners at the counter and took forever would not suggest anyone going Starbucks treat you better and it's down the road much faster
Not very helpful staff there machines for  orders doesn't work so good and they don't want to help people order
The service was good put their is now fish fella
Just avoid this McDonald's at all cost. Staff is rude! Food is cold. Just not worth it. Go to the one in celebration trust me!
Keith Was very helpful and accommodating. You don   t oft
I didn't hate it.  Why dies person taking order from drive thru window have such a hard time hearing the customers ordrr on speaker.
We waited 15 minutes for our food, then when we recieved our food, the fries were cold. The fish sandwich tasted like it was microwaved and the new chicken sandwich tasted like rubber
Food was on point and the order correct. .. Very generous with the sauces.. this area has great places
This is a very clean and nice McDonald's. Conveniently located. Easy on and off the highway.
They got my order right. Didn't have to wait long for food. Great place to go for late night eating.
Everytime I DoorDash I night they say they ½ï
Very deception what would everything that's done okay you go online then you got to go you go online and then then when you get there so it's a cop car order they looking at anything the way it should be looking at they say it's a big game it's like a game that would have been cheaper for me to buy what's on special than it was to use the app
Food is slow to arrive 17 mins for a mc double...  Most of the Management team is horrible and rude. The young shorter Hispanic lady manager is an asset and needs to be recognized..
Right across the road from Seralago Hotel, this was a great spot to walk over to and grab a quick, cheap breakfast. It's also situated in the strip of gift shops and across from "Old Town" amusement park, so it is very convenient to eat at when visiting those places.
Not so much fast food but still good food.
Slow service. Car park was rammed and difficult to move around due to the drive through vehicles being in the way!!(not really the fault of the restaurant except they could mark the lanes out better in the car park).
Pretty cool place! Very busy as expected but they served pretty bb fast.
Delicious hamburgers that definitely weigh on your belly on your way to bed and if you want to take a quick nap on a full belly  McDonald's is the place to go
Fast friendly service at this location which appears to have been recently remodeled. Lots of senior citizens eating breakfast in the lobby which is usually a tipoff of high quality service.
Horrible experience, hungry after a long day at Disney, we stopped in for a late dinner.took forever to take our order and even longer to get our order. definitely felt unwanted
They improved so much the Caramel Iced coffee and they have a sugar free vanilla Iced coffee low calories and tastes really good. Best prices too.
Good prices for large diet coke and ice cream cone.
Food cold and forgot items, food was replaced so only 2 star I'm afraid
My son got a vanilla milkshake it looked soupy and he tasted it and he said it had a off taste to it I told him throw it away, in a few minutes he was sick to his tummy . So beware .
"DOOR IS LOCKED EVERY SINGLE DAY!
HIGLY RUDE AND DISRESPECTFUL!
LETTECE IS SPOILED ALWAYS!
DO NOT RECOMMEND ANY MC DONALD'S IN KISSIMMEE!"
SLOWEST McDonald's I have EVER been too... secind time in 3 days coming here, first time was about 25 in druve thru, before ordering.. now been sitting here 15 mins, haven't even ordered yet.. long line but i have been in longer and taken care of...
Ridiculous staff was lazy rude and slow bathroom was disgusting I did not eat there and I was hungry so I just left
It was very crowded but the service was fast and the food was fresh.
The trash cans were overflowing, there were multiple spills on the ground that weren't bothered to clean, and every table was dirty. Food took 27 minutes and when it finally came it was cold. Never again
Only place open late on a week night so the wait time was extremely long.
Great place to have a cup of coffee. If you are on the keto diet, McDonald's has whipped butter. Yes it's real butter. Along with half and half. You could ask for whipped cream. Believe me there coffee tastes much better with butter  and cream in it .  They do not have Stevia . They can make you a keto breakfast. Which is eggs bacon and sausage layered.
Understaffed,   slow as a result.    Those that are working,  are courteous and apologetic..  what I don't understand is considering the location,  (Disney area)  that this McDonald's isn't better staffed.
Fancy on the inside. Food was what you 
They're not bad. So far I've never had them get an order wrong
For pure volume pretty darn efficient. Clean too all things considered.Use auto order screens. Faster. Didn't try drive thru
Sat in drive thru for 30 minutes. Food was cold. Manager extremely rude. Go elsewhere. This location is horrible.
Very clean.  Attentive staff.  As always reliable and delicious food.
My cousin assumed that we wanted 2 apple slices and 1 go-gurt, but we quickly changed to 1apple slice and 2 go-gurts, but they gave us what we first ordered. The food was rrreeeaaalllyyy ggoodd though! Mmm mmm mmm.
I ordered a caramel frappe with no whip cream. Upon getting my Carmel frappe there was whip cream. They were upset when I requested they fix my order to meet the way I ordered. When they handed it back to my husband, they had scooped out the whip cream and another quarter of the frappe. Very rude about it as well.
EVERY TIME THEY FORGET SOMETHING. And i mean everytime. I have heard conversations about general nonsense take priority over customers while waiting. The employees generally juat dont seem to care with the exception of a few
Stopped on my way to work at 6:15 in the morning drive thru full only about 5 people in the inside line . Waited bout 8 minutes no one took my order . Slow service and everyone speaking Spanish.  Walked out no food
Employees hardly speak english. I don   t have 20 minutes to waste because the workers can ½
Charged me .80 for white cheddar and .80 for a tomato on my mchicken. Order 2 McDoubles and only received 1. And I didn ½ï¿
They need better customer service. The people in the drive thru are so rude that I almost came out my professional skin. Get it together McDonalds. #192 McDonalds close to go cart place
They forgot 3sandwiches after they pulled me up n the food was not hot
Ordered online for curbside pickup. Waittime was ridiculous and ended up having to go inside to ask for my order. I don ½ï¿½
Good service and kind crew members. Always serve me with a smile (through the mask). Its a great start to my morning.
We really can't understand how hard it can be to complete our order. Every single time we go they make multiple mistakes n it's so frustrating.
If you   re going to do McDonald ½ï
the Worst    24 hours    McDonald   s I ½ï
Dosent stand behind promotion at ordering menu says if they dint mention the 2 for 1$ apple pies at the end of ur order u get one free lies they never mentioned it and i still had to pay for my pies beware!!
Horrendous service...was on drive thru for 10 minites...didnt move...went inside...took 15 minutes for 2 shakes and a fry...order was wrong...was ignored when i told them order was wrong..pretty hard to offend this new york guy...worst McDonald's i have ever been in!!
Disappointed - claimed Egg Mc muffin deal was over and charged outlandish price! Service not great - wrong coffee received after ordering DECAF and NO cream given...
It's always helpful when the staff is so cheerful and nice and they have great customer service!
Food was good but it took 35-40 mins to get it through drive thru
It was terrible, took forever. Only giving 2 stars because the McMuffin was good.
I've never been to such a horrible restaurant like this. It took over 1 hour to get fries and a McFlurry. Stay as far away as you can from this McDonald's. Nasty dirty facility too.
Very nice McDonald's, it was clean and the employees are very polite and friendly. The play area for the kids is different than others I have seen & the menu was electronic, which was a little annoying being that I was in a bit of a rush.
I didn't get much sugar for my coffee all milk and day getting served my Burger not my Burger my sausage mcmuffin didn't give it to me in the morning They got me for some money not a pleasant place to go when you hungry you want your food
Horrifically slow even when nobody is in line. The worst Mcdonalds I've been to speed wise. We gave it three tries and it was slow each time.
Every time I go there it always a long line when you drive pass the window you see employees standing around talking and laughing. They need move a little faster.
Never once have I gotten my coffee done right. Cream in sugar out. I got 35 cream in my bag. It was 8 cream in. I got no sugar. Crazy
Took 10 minutes to take my cash for order.then another 20 minutes to get my food.which was missing the drink for the happy meal. Not good
Terrible service, I think hands down worst mcdonalds I have ever been too. Manager wouldn't even come over to help. Absolute joke of a mcdonalds. Go 1 mile down either way and you will be much happier.
Not to thrilled with this one anymore,  used to love it when it was the world biggest McDonalds. Now it's like the others except for a few items on the menu.  Plus they got rid of the life size Ronald McDonald.
This is a newer McDonald's with a very modern decor. Service was fast and friendly and the food was about what you would expect for a fast food restaurant. Overall positive experience.
Because we had a big order they kept giving our food to other people who had smaller orders. People who ordered after us had already eaten and left by the time we got our food.
I waited in the drive thru line for half an hour, ordered my food, and not until I got to the window did they tell me they were taking cash only, at 11pm on a saturday? And when I asked to talk to the manager on duty they were no where to be found, mever returning to this location and would urge anyone thinking of it to stear clear from this horrible McDonalds
Staff friendly and helpful
Nice, clean and large McDonald's at WDW. Not a bad place to stop for a quick bite to eat going from or to the Animal Kingdom in between parks.
Burger was greasy and the fries tasted like the oil needed changed
Super slow...we waited an extremely long time in the drive through.  People behind us were beeping and honking because no one was taking orders in one drive thru lane.
Diet Coke dispenser spilled water, something was loose in the housing.
It ½
This place sucks beyond belief. Staying in a hotel next door have a semi for my wheels. Knocked on the door ask the manager if I could order a shake and get it at the door. I'm sure you can guess the answer
"AWESOME!!!FAST!!!
AND FANTASTIC FOOD!!!"
The worst place do even be doing uber the manager makes uber drivers wait and dont even put order thru tell u get there please speed up for me to keep doing uber here and i hope the gm sees this maybe she will make u speed up judith
The best McDonald's branch I have ever seen. Clean, big, and kid friendly. Electronic machines to order from are available.
Super long drive thru lines , I suggest u go in the lobby n place order electronically for faster service  
Fast drive through. The children enjoyed their lunch!
Waited in drive thru for 20 minutes had to go in to get our order.manager was great but they had everyones order messed up.
Everything seemed a little "dry", and our fries were only lukewarm.
Food it's okay, however the customer service is terrible. The few times I visited here the staff was rude, and unprofessional.
Worst prices hair in food stay away no self serve drink station
Staff is currently learning their job. While waiting for my food the had to correct orders for  4 people.
Long wait for food Sunday at 12:40 pm.  We ordered from the kiosk.  We waited longer than people in line.  Food was good.
Great burgers and fries!!!
By far the worst McDonald's that I have ever been to. The entire experience was bad, time consuming, and they didn't even get my food right.
If I could give a zero star I would. This place took 5 minutes to even greet me at the window. I ended up driving away with no food. Don't waste your time here.
The wait is 30 minutes, my nuggets where white in the center because they didn't separated them before putting in the fryer, all McDonalds that I visited near my hotel on kisseme took 30 minutes.
Good food but ,staff so bad, every one  even the manager
kiosks ordering in full effect.  take a number and sit down to wait.
One of the worst McDonald's in the nation. The food is usually stale or cold and is always made sloppily. When you complain they act like you are at fault for the bad sandwich.
No free refills. What a drag.
Too long waiting lines to get a very bad customer service. Food is ok.
Having kiosks, instead of human cashier, really a bad idea not fan of it. Taking my business to a different place were greetings,  and thank you is the most important thing!!
Like all the other McDonald's they're expensive underpaid understaffed and they close too early but that's because they're understaffed
Very clean, great party structure for the kids, and they have a "home made" iced tea, unsweetened!! Awesome!!!! Thanks
Very rude customer service. Go somewhere else
HORRIBLE I WENT HERE FOR AN UBER PICK UP AND IF YOU DROVE UBER BEFORE YOU CAN PICKUP THRU THE DRIVE THRU AND WHEN I TOLD THEM THAT SHE SAID "WE ARE REALLY BUSY RIGHT NOW SO YOU HAVE TO COME IN OR ITS UP TO YOU" WHEN I WENT IN I WAS EXPECTING A LING LINE. BUT INSTEAD THERE WAS ONLY 1 PERSON INFRONT OF ME. NOT BUSY AT ALL. THIS WAS HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE. MCDONALD'S NEVER LETS ME DOWN SMH.
Over 1 hour to go through the drive thru.  Only 20 cars.  Absolutely a mess.
Place was good. Sandwich and dessert were nice and warm but I did have a wait quite a bit.
They had someone who dont know how to take order and and everything was dry nasty and the coffee plus the manager was there smh
Waited almost 20 minutes for an order. There were only 5 cars in drive thru and about 7 people inside.  Finally I canceled and went to a sit down restaurant where I got served within 10 minutes.
False advertising. Drive through is open 24 hours. Diner closes at 10!
It's a messy please, the costumer service is very nasty they don't even pay attention to the time that people are waiting in line. I'm not going to gave them any Stars.
They missing a few orders of fries and 4 buckets of 20 nuggets but i understand because  they was busy in christmas, good guys and good service
Great service by a young lady in the morning didn't get her name but she gave attention to her customers and changed depending who the customer was great well done
Food was very good but quite a lot was missing from the order when we got home.
Great customer service a little slow. Food cooked right and order was perfectly taken.
It was good. Fast service. My sandwich was on the cool side but my fries were smoking ½ï¿½ï
Incredible slow, lines are out of control, understaffed.
Only visited once and drivethrough so don't know anything  about the place. But they where friendly
Horrible...order was all messed up. I asked for my food to be freshly cooked...&;I got cold fries
Great location, they ½
Pay your morning manager more!!! She is a Rockstar keeping that place moving.
Fresh breakfast at 11AM
Super fast service and they did not forget anything!!!!
Total order mess up and the person taking my order hated his job. The only reason I know is because he told me.
This McDonald's is really hit or miss. I've had good experiences, I've had horrifically terrible experience. But I don't expect much because the people are underpaid.
Let's put it this way.....you better check your bag of food before leave. They can barely understand English let alone get your order right.  ½ï¿½
Food is always wrong
Good for some fast food this one is well taken care of clean bathrooms great customer service
It's McDonald's so not much to say except this location is always clean and efficient. Great double drive-thru!
This MacDonald's has not once given me the correct amount of nuggets. Lately it's been too many but there are several times where they short me. They've gotten my order completely wrong before too. They just seem to struggle a fair amount.
The service was terrible. They got my order wrong twice and they didn't have me my fries with my food. And the first time they miss something in my order.... ½ï
Food was good, but be prepared for a long wait for your food. It took 22 minutes from order to food receipt lunchtime on a Saturday.
The nicest and cleanest mc donalds I've seen since I come to US! Fenomenal atention and decoration everywhere! Everyone here treats the costumers great! 5  ½ï¿½ï¿½
Sometimes we have to wait for the food for so long... long lines cars at the drive thru.
Worse McDonald's I've ever been to. Twice I've been there and both times I had to sit there and wait almost 15 mins to get my food. The second time the staff was there in the kitchen taking pictures while my food was getting cold. Never again
It is clean and the orders came out fairly quickly even with the lunch rush. Overall a pleasant experience.
This is a good McDonald's to go to, they got the order perfect and had great customer service!.!
This McDonald's is my go to for the kids. They have a very nice and clean play area. Staff is always friendly and helpful.
Manager came to the table, made sure everything was well. Quick service. Place does get busy
WORST McDonald   s EVER!!!  Awful em
Pretty good but my filet-o-fish was all crooked.
We waited in the drive thru for 30 minutes. It was late after visiting the parks all day and they were close to our hotel. I would stay clear of this disaster of a restaurant.
Slowest McDonald's I've ever visited.  Checked in on a pickup order for Uber.  Waited 15 minutes and they were so backed up that they hadn't even started on the order yet.  Will not be returning to this location.
the service was horrible I was very very disappointed they don't give you the right food that don't take that order correctly then-manager I don't know why they do on their time because you ask for manager and takes forever to come and assist you I will never go there again
Building is completely locked so can't use bathroom even after waiting for curbside.
Great Location Right Outside When You Finish From FUN SPOT 
Clean, great deals, many ways to order...online,drive thru, curbside pick up
Cash only drive through after waiting 30 minutes
They can not get any order right. My order took 3 remakes and finally I had to go in to the restaurant, after placing my original order in the drive thru!
The best mcdonalds. It has it all. Play area, arcade, had a fun time.
A drive through line around the building and into the shopping center parking lot that barely moved for 20 minutes made me drive off without ordering.
Employees are friendly, place is clean but lock in the mens room is broken. The food is pretty good.
Excellent! Kiosk order own food using CC or Debit. Fast service. Good breakfast
They forgot  my drinks and didn't get to have time to stop one the way back to get them
I dont understand because mc Donald is a fast food place and I go thru the drive thru and  the tell me that I have to wait in one of the parking spots in stead of grab and like any normal fast food.
The buttermilk crispy tenders are not crispy nor tender the meat is horrible the worst I've ever had why would I eat here when I can get some decent fries chicken and burgers at Culver's or some f the best fast food chicken from chik full  
Employees were friendly and efficient. We received our food quickly, as well.
They worked hard even as they were shortstaffed, would definitely go back again.
Not sure of manager name we called her peaches, she was wonderful.
Our order was large And they were able to complete it in a fast manner
This is a very cool place litteraly grew up on McDonald's anyone who tells you there food is bad is wrong it may be a little unhealthy for you but it's open 24/7 and has great costumer service I enjoyed this place a lot and so should you
Hands down the slowest service I have EVER seen at ANY fast food restaurant.
Everything was fine
Drive threw took forever we waited 40 minutes to find out there ice cream machine was down drive threw cashier was very rude and uncaring
Slow service got orders wrong but still kept people waiting while rest of their food went cold worst mc donalds I've been to for service
Do you feel as bored as my friend is well this McDonald's will not get you bored they will serve you good food hot honest and right and are great twenty-four hours a day
If you need food late at night after work (2-3 am), don't count on this place because they take at MINIMUM 20-30 mins to send you through the drive thru.
Fantastic food for a fast food chain, Staff very friendly, My Son gives 5 out 5 stars for food as in England he is always sick afterwards with the oil.
Long lines at this Kissimmee location right by Old Town, but fast moving and good service. Placed a big detailed order and everything came out correct.
If the app says you can dine in there than you should be able to dine inside
Usally the location I visit is on the money both with over allservice and cleanses, how ever this particular day the place was a total mess and service was horrible when it should not have been because it wasn't busy.
Worse c/s ever! Unreal, people just DON'T want to work. This team bust gave up!
Great service. Super fast
It was excellent and this is the only place that has not messed up my order
It was not too busy this time of year I did visit after 8 p.m. bathrooms were clean can't complain.
Fast and good service
The fanciest and cleanest McDonald's I've ever been in.Professional and clean.If ours back home was like this one in Kissimmee I'd go there more
Food  was hot and delicious service fast. One bad apple  stop me from    Giving this location four or better..
Ordered 2 double fish fillet sandwiches and got 1 double and 1 single. Order must be checked and double checked for Togo. I'm not coming back to change the order after few miles.
I love McDonald's I told my friends and family about McDonald's and they eat it everyday if addicted food I wish you can did olive oil to fry french fry.
They were actually nice and had what we wanted and gave us condiments!
Almost always available in the AM for breakfast without the cash only excuse.
Service sucks, how are you 24/7 and randomly close 2-6?? Waste of time
Great quality food for the price and staff are extremely friendly. Service is also very fast
Waited in drive thru line about 10 minutes. Food was fresh and the server kept apologizing  for the wait.
They messed up the order after explaining a few times of what we wanted and had hair in both of my egg McMuffins
Horrible bad service waited too long at the  drive through, missing everything in my order
The good thing is that is open 24. They do not have enough personnel. Food was just okay, help us survive till the next morning.
Fast and easy great for quick breakfast to start of your day
They all work super hard and we're very respectful
Order was correct,food was hot and fresh. Friendly staff.
It's McDonald's what can you say? I happen to have had a great experience not only with service but my food being right and fast!
Mac fan !
Standard food. Fast service. Cash only at night. More expensive than other McDs.
Manager doesn't know how to put his name tag on right side up. How can he run a restaurant?
Tried 3 of the kiosk to order my food. Never completed an order on a kiosk, something different wasn't available on each one. Busy as hell, took a long time to get my food. Never again
"Food good as always (Its Mcdonald)
But pretty slow, *fast* food but without the *fast*"
Nice little spot! Tiny parking lot and its a busy McDonald's for sure. Has the upgraded double car drive thru!
Increible how the drivethru work here waiting the outside line more than 5 mins and see how the inside lo e pass 7 cars already... unacceptable
Place was very clean. Beverage excellent but took 15 minutes for us to get our drinks
My son got a vanilla shake there it didn't look right it was soupy he tasted it and his stomach was upset all that day
Bad experience taking too long with the orders.
Took 29 minutes in the drive thru for 2 McDoubles and a happy meal. At 7pm.
Fills a hole if u hungry
Lot's of panhandling around the drive through. Food was good and service was quick.
They didn't get my very large order wrong that I made for a car full of kids so that says alot.
Clean professional staff the location on a busy hwy. but the good out weighed the bad.
Lines were a little long, yet food was fresh and hot. 
It was a crappy McDonald's. They lie about their hours I went around 9:30 for food and they were "closed"! When they clearly say that they are 24hours. Don't waste your time with this place! Worst McDonald's ever
Tortillas stale and why ask if I want sauce if you aren't going to give any? Lol
Great soft play for little kids.
Gave order in the drive thru lady wasn't paying attention on what I wanted mind you I only ordered 3 things had to repeat myself 3 more times at the window then they still get my order wrong never again
If I could give it zero stars I would we went here 3 times recently and they mess up every time and they are just rude people I would recommend staying away from this location there's a checkers across the street I would recommend over them
Drive through is almost always packed, when it's not the computer is down and you have to go inside... which is also always busy.
Terrible service. Left the drive thru after barely moving for 10 minutes. Not prepared for late night customers.
Slow service. And we were the only ones in there  Found hair in my food. If I could give no stars I would never comming back
Could have been faster ordering. They have 2 lane drive in.
It was ok I ordered through drive thru. I had to repeat my order a couple of times.
The BEST customer service McDonald's.
Terrible..An Employee name Andrea has the worse Customer service ever. My order was wrong and they still was giving me a hard time to fix it..BAD SERVICE
Me and my family were there at 10:15 pm on a Sunday and they would not let us in.we were not happy at all,wat to soon to be locking doors.
Computerized orders... take quite a time to be served. I just bought as coffee and waited almost 15 mins for it to be served... and it was a bit cold as well...
The only thing worse than the service was the food. My wife's Big Mac tasted like it had been dropped in an ashtray.
Very dirty.  Cold food.  Somebody peed in the play area.  Management was informed, but nobody cleaned it up.
Its McDonald's.. at least this one the food was fresh and well prepared on our visit
ýýýýýý
The people at the window customer service skills need to do better.
This is my third time visiting this store horrible place to eat all the 3 person at the service desk did not even eye contact with me and after food ready they just damp my order on the desk and I had to asked one gentleman if that was my order then he said  yes horrible place will not recommend it
Nice,  new looking place,  fast service. Can order by counter or on touch screen menu. Then pay at counter or credit card.
Not gonna lie, it's just a McDonalds's but if you have a bad experience, don't think about this five star review when it happens.
Ordered a regular big mac with large fries. They gave me the Bigmac Bacon, it was cold. Fries were cold.
Spicy chicken was kind of bland and the fries were like warm
"The bread is cold meat are dry bad taste .
Ruin Mc Donald ½ï¿½ï"
My order was to English muffins sausage and eggs my English muffin was really hard around the edge and I had a sausage biscuit with egg my bread was really hard to I've had to throw my bread hey way that will just my money got throwed away.
Delicious!
Breakfast was good as usual - quick, clean, and courteous. Manager came by and grabbed my tray to top it off.
Loved it
Considering the amount of folks at the time of our visit, the service was great. Salads were delicious.
John was great and super friendly everyone els rude
"Curbside is a joke
Waited for 15 mins, should just go through the drive thru."
Really good. Fast service. Food really hot
It was great the food made me all full and I had a fun time
Can honestly say that this was the best by far McDonald's meal I have had.
Always a long wait today it took 35 min in drive through most times around 15 min but like their ice tea so but up with it
Slow as molasses and still couldnt get it right. Dont go here after 12am. Had to go inside and get my $1 soda they forgot to give me.
Used the drive through.  All was good.
Slowest service of any McDonalds ever. Even ordering just a coffee would take 15 minutes. VERY dirty perimeter outside.
Waited more than 20 mins, trying to make order but they just keep saying" be right with you" to finally tell me they dont have what i wanted.
Watched a Manager Jennifer push and put her hands on an employee while she was handing my food out the window. Don't know why because the Order was 100% right. This is the way employees at McDonald's are treated?
Same quality incredible quick service at this location I love it
Only gave me part of the food that I ordered them the manager gave me attitude they weren't remorseful for messing up my order at all
Nothing about fast food. Two lines for drive thru but slow services.
FOOD  WAS MEDIOCRE! The service slow and unfriendly.
The Drive Thru Was way too long there were 100 cars we we waiting 20 minutes to order. It's shorter ordering inside
Had a long wait in drive thru but customer service was okay
Stopped in for a liquid refreshment today due to the extremely hot weather. It was really delicious.
I didn't eat here.  O was with others who did.   They seemed to enjoy it very much.
Was able to get in and out without delay.  Cashier was friendly.
Great for a burger that taste the same around the world
Food was good but you never get the sauces you order on the touch screens
Management just stands there while employees run around working
Nice staff. We went thru the drive thru
Needed a quick breakfast and this was close.
Extremely slow service, one cashier with multiple people working slowly in the back, a line up to and out the door, and the drive through wrapped around the building. Avoid late at night.
It was awesome you got the food quickly, nice service and great atmosphere.
"All self service order
Table delivery though  "
The diner was dirty and so was all the tables and I dont want to mention the restrooms were smelly and dirty there was two teenagers on their cell phones wasting valuable Time
waited in drive through for 25 minutes and left after that point went to go somewhere else
The lady at the drive-thru was extremely rood and they messed up my big Mac I was missing two cheeseburgers and my 10-piece nugget only had seven nuggets
Dirty, unkind, too long waiting time, too high work load with minimum of employees
We   re always missing stuff from our order. About to start going to th
"Neg stars.

After waiting 30 minutes in drive threw, my hashbrown was literitly cold. And my bagel was soggy... worst breakfast ever  "
It was ok
Don't get the breakfast burritos they advertise a nice beautiful looking burrito on their menu and then when you get it it's a quarter of the size of which they advertise the price has gone up on these and the quality has gone way down they have false advertising on their menu
Worst McDonalds  I've ever been to. Waited over twenty minutes.  Burgers were almost  raw. Plus no toys in happy meals.
This is my second visit and it's even slower and longer than my first. Unbelievably long wait times in the drive through.
Very busy but got our large order right...happy people
Do not LIKE having to use a koish to order
My first bad experience on at McDonald's restaurant the people there were just rude luckily there was one person there that tried to take care of her customers but overall I don't recommend this place
Went there all the time and champ !! Recommended go there people very friendly also employees too
Long wait and 3manger on duty and one person line. Then to fine out no fish at certain time bk at all times
Not very well lit drive-thru but the customer service was great
More expensive than uk maccies
Very nice location. The staff was top notch. They got everything right!
Fast service and coffee and sandwiches nice and fresh and employees treat you as a customer
Waited on line for 45 mins just to place the order.
Fast, clean and excellent customer service!
Horrible service!! Looked like they didn ½ï
Stay away from this McDonald   s, seriously. Worst service I ½
This McDonald's is horrible customer service and all the employees have bad attitudes and they never make my orders right I always have to continue coming back all the managers are rude to besides the Chinese looking one
Service is nice and fast but sometimes the drive-thru line can be a mess.
Everything was great!
it prompted me to legitimately kill myself. so ridiculous. never have had towards long in my 35 years of life
Love it
Opens late at night, save your day if you come home late. Big parking lot and good service and food.
McDonald's is well known anywhere you go... Good service good food..
Must say this location is very clean and food is always great!
The drive thru went pretty quickly for such a crazy location
My favorite places to eat I love it
Service is a bit slow, but it's... well it's just McDonald's.  Playground is nice for the kids though.
Only one inaccurate cashier working on a weekday at breakfast. Had to go through line and the waits twice to get my order right. Will not be back to this site.
Hot food, order completed accurately. Better than most McDonald's
New but WAY TO BUSY..NO INSTUCTIONS ON HOW TO USE NEW COMPUTER MENUS. WE WAITED 20 MIN FOR OUR DONE IN GOOD.
Perfect as always  ½ï¿½ï¿½ï
The people working here are not friendly.  Went through the drive through and the only only thing said to me was my total.
They got free WiFi. It's really fast and good food and customer service too
Somehow they forgot to give us our order...no big deal I needed the exercise and they did apologize
"Food was cold.
Service could of been better"
Very Friendly and helpful, Customer Service  
To the girl that said she liked my tat. Wassup?? You could make this a 5...
Weird credit card layout, tea was hot, 3/4 of a cup filled up, and bland, would skip this McDonaldï¿½ï¿
I received a excellent service
Slowest service ever! I haven't taste the food but i hope is not bad!
Waited 30 minutes in drive thru line be told they are out of fish and chicken
"I was there to separate times one time I paid over $2 more than the second
time and got the exact same thing"
Most often just the same mc donalds
This one is aware of food allergies so this it makes it easier for us
Messed up our order something terrible and then asked us to pay extra for the mess they made took forever in line slow slow people
Very polite people and fast with getting food out.
McDonald's is the worst the foods always cold and they recook old food when you ask for it hot but the frappes are the bomb that's why they got a star.
Slow and the people behind me got their food first. Common problem here. I just order a drink and burger.
Waited 60 minutes in a drive thru, the line wasnt even that big. The lines at the theme parks are better
Several ordering kiosks here. Service was quick.  Restrooms were clean.
$5 for 2 BigMacs need I say more plus $1 each including Refills for any Size Hot/Cold Drinks
Not only was the speed of service poor I waited in line for just under 20 mins to receive my food thrown inside of a bag. I did not eat either the 1/4 pounder or the nuggets. They really need to shut this restaurant down because for the love of god they don't hire decent staff this has been going on for years I'm not eating food with strands of hair or food that's hanging out of a bag such ill preparation
Had a weird, terrible, unusual experience ,Went tonight, about 8:20pm. Only 2 cars in front of me. Ordered using my mobile app (which I love it!) Ordered a mc chicken, and guess what?!! It came with NO CHICkEN!! And enough mayo to make two more. Enjoy the picture!!
Attention owner: do you even care??? Worst drive-through in all of Florida. S L O W!! Fire everyone including your manager you got the 3 stooges working in there! It is NEVER okay to sit in a drive thru for 20 minutes. Get it together or close your doors!
Can't change mobile order once placed. I wanted light chocolate in my coffee instead of 6 obese size pumps that drowns the actual taste of coffee and makes it taste extremely sweet. Asked at speaker, window 1, window 2 and the person that made it. Can't do it. And they forgot the hot sauce to my burrito. But this is McDonald's standard.
Another aspect that adds to the appeal of McDonald's is the affordability. The menu prices are generally budget-friendly, making it an attractive option for individuals or families looking for a quick and affordable meal. The availability of value meals and combo deals further enhances the value for money.
constantly miss items. it baffles me. I work fast food. items pop up on a screen, you put them in the bag. its very simple. half the time they put ice in the drink when I ask for no ice, which again, a drink pops up on a screen, and underneath it will say "no ice". I'm not really sure if yall just don't care or if this is really that hard.
This is the second time I've came to this McDonald's and they are closed. How you 24 hours but closed. They very rude. Last time they told me they open at 7am in the drive thru, then this morning I was told 6:30am. I come to this one because it's so close to my house. But it seems I'm going have to find another one. This McDonald's need a manager and someone who can be in charge and know how to handle a restaurant. When I come to this McDonald's I always spend $40 or better. Get y'all stuff together
This McDonalds location never staffs an employee at the register to take customers' orders.  This results in all customers having to wait until one of the kitchen staff happens to notice the customers standing at the counter, wishing to place their orders.  The expressions on the faces of the kitchen staff makes it clear that they are irritated at having to interrupt their own work to go over and take customer orders.  This situation has not been corrected for over 6 months, resulting in annoying wait times at what is supposed to be a fast food restaurant.  Hire more staff!!!
Says 24/7. Mobile app allows for drive through order. Lights are all on and drive through speaker is active. But nobody is working. Location is closed, no sign, no disabling online orders, nothing.
Repeatedly missing items. Repeatedly ignoring allergy restrictions such as simple specifics on orders like no onion, no cheese, etc. overnight is horrible. Overnight Manager identified herself as  crystal on 3/5/23 was not helpful and in better terms, an incompetent woman.
I was light headed. I figured let me stop at this McDonald's seeing that its on my way home and close by. I was surprised the shake machine was up and running. I ordered large fries and a Strawberry milkshake. I paid to much money for a little nit of food. My fries had way too much salt on them. Because they mixed fresh fries with fries that wrre sitting out basically old kinda stale. The milkshake had vanilla at the bottom with Strawberry on top. But that nits what kinda upset me it was the size of the shake. I was asked what size I wanted. Of course I was confused. I guess all McDonald's are not the same. I said small. But the cup I received was a cup size you order off the dollar menu. And I was charged like 5 bucks for it. Smh. Never again. I thought shake size was only small or large.  Not a baby cup size.
The amount of times I come to this location, and the    system is down    is embarrassing.  I work in food, I know when people don ½ï¿½
Love it!         When they know my grandson is there for his
I went to this Mcdonld's before the gym.  They have a 2 lane drive through , but there is plenty of seating inside.  I ordered the spicy crispy chicken sandwich, the 10 piece nuggets, the fish sandwich and a large iced tea.  Overall the meal is good.  I wish Mcdonald's had more grilled chicken options.  But the meal is quick and cheap.  It got the job done for a good pre workout. The ordering process is kiosk here at this location, so you can wait in line or use the kiosk.  Overall good
They need more happy people in there and people to actually Acknowledge there guest and smile.  It's horrible to feel like your a bother as a customer when your spending your hard earned working money at your restaurant.  NOT GOOD for the business at all, especially when your a regular.  This needs attention Immediately to earn the people's business.
I hate this McDonald's in the morning. The drive through workers are undertrained and snappy ( there is a difference between a sausage egg mcmuffin and a sausage mcmuffin) I was overcharged the manager (Tim) had me pull up for whatever reason ( I assumed for my overcharge) and never came out the door, I go in after 15 minutes and he acts unresponsive to the guy calling his name( that's how I know what it is) very unprofessional and I will be reaching out to their corporate headquarters about this matter
My fries were salted, they didn't put pickle on my Burger as asked, and it was a quick drive thru experience. I'd say not too bad
This isn   t the first time it happens but it   s definitely the one that bothered me the most. Went for lunch did a mobile order to make  it quick and spent 20 minutes of my 30 minute lunch waiting for my food. Had to walk in and ask for it. No napkins or st
Couldn   t even order line at drive thru and only one lane open. So I prefer to go in because I   m not wasting gas for t
No problems or complaints whatsoever with this McDonald's in particular. The only thing  I'll say and I think is every single McDonald's same problem is  with the ice-cream machines.
Always takes longer than any other drive-thru. Advertises that the drive-thru is open 24 hours (both online and with signage at the store), but it isn't.
Very nice and helpful drive thru staff. They noticed a problem with my order before I did, and they fixed it.
Some small tables are uncomfortable to sit on. Service was very slow in the morning, they were unable to provide table service. Food was left at the counter while you were waiting at the table with your number asking yourself why was it taking so long.
Went is using a mobile code and the lady at the register had not clue what she was doing , so I asked for a manager and she told me she was the manager . So I tryed to help her out telling her my code was for a 5$ meal and I would like to add a 4 piece nuggets to that ! She told me the total was 12$ so in my head I   m like no way a 4 piece is 6 $ so I told her that was incorrect and she instead it wasn   t , so she does Somthing on the computer I pay and still missing my extra nuggets after I told her 4 times I would like a extra
Horribly slow each of the last 2 times I've gone here.  Attempting to grab something quick for my kids or wife and just no such thing as fast food any longer.
This location has gone to hell in a hand basket. Since they changed ownership it seems like management doesn't care anymore. They're ALWAYS out of something, Orange juice in the morning, frappe mix, ice cream machine is ALWAYS broken, the self serve kiosks are always off line, the tables are dirty and don't get me started on the bathroom    
Maitland avenue bad customer service to the drive-thru. Stead of listening to the customer they just want to overshadow and run their mouth and tell the customer what should be on there when the customers telling them no
Best McDonald   s! Great cust
Showed up at 440am they said we are closed till 5am. Waited till 5am and then they said 530am??? What is going on with the world. This is after coming from trying to order at the other McDonald ½ï¿½ï¿
This is a fine McDonald's. Clean and friendly staff and restaurant. Seems newly renovated but no kids play area. Outdoor seating is very pleasant.
I   ve driven to this location 3 times and it 
Computers were down, workers we super patient, took a bit longer than expected but what are you going to do. All good, staff very friendly and laughing with ir
The employees in that place is soo terrible their very rude the lady told me to hold on I ½
Slowest drive thru ever. Takes over 30 minutes for anything!
Not only does this location take forever to give you the wrong food, they also give you undercooked food. We had to wait over 10 minutes for our order and this chicken sandwich was still pink.
Not sure how this happened, but they were completely out of sodas tonight. Got a 10 piece w/Lrg     ½
I placed a mobile order to go before I picked up my granddaughter and her friend from middle school. They are always starving after school. Minnie brought my order to the car. I had ordered frozen coke but they didn't have it so she asked me what drink I'd prefer. She also told me to come by and ask for her and she would make it right for me.
12.17 Late Saturday and No one is working at this McDonald's.  It's supposed to be 24 hours.  Poorly managed like most McDonald's.  GM should be canned.
I have never seen such a slow mc donasl in my life.
This particular McDonald's has terrible drive thru service and has for years.
Very slow customer service, 2nd day in a row that they are out of orange juice. Not up to standards
Seriously this place is gone to the dogs. Imagine sitting in line at a fast food restaurant for over 25 minutes to get a burger and fries. Only to receive said Burger and half of the large fry you ordered. Cold limp fries inside of a large container which could have easily fit in a medium container. I'm so sick of these restaurants. Fast food is no longer fast food, the service is subpar, and the food is not even as advertised. I'm literally getting jipped on my food while also waiting for almost 30 minutes to get it.
There always fast and has my order ready
Long lines and when did Mikey D's get so expensive? My granddaughter wanted a McFlurry and the ice cream machine wasn't working. Are those machines ever in working order? Alt Spgs McDonald's (on 434 by Walmart) is just as bad with their machine being broken numerous times. Very frustrating.
I'm not one to just say only something negative but for the life of me I can't find anything positive. This branch is the slowest I have ever been to . It never gets my order right , no matter how simple I made it. The burger's condiments were all wrong . The fry's were old as hell and the unsweet tea tasted old and sour.  Definitely no going there again no matter how desperate.
There has never been a single time where I go here at night and it   s open. Not once. Says it ½ï
I felt bad for the employees. They were obviously stressed and the manager seemed to be hiding from the irate customers. It took 20 minutes to get food at 4pm on a Monday.  I was given the wrong sandwich and the fries were hard.
The manager in the morning is awesome, the older Hispanic woman at the front counter gives exceptional customer service, you can tell she genuinely likes her job and is happy. Food was hot and fresh, and the coffee was just right. Will definitely come back to this one!
I never ever go here because it's the most incompetent McDonald's I've ever seen operate. I ran the drive thru in NYC when I was 17 so I know a thing or two about the process and how it's really not rocket science but somehow they can't ever get it right. Unfortunately for me my husband picked up dinner for me from there and I very Unfortunately didn't specify which one to go to... although this one is closest to home I will drive all the way to Altamonte to avoid it, and the way gas prices are that should tell you all you all need to know. Tonight it was missing fries (we ordered a total of 6 whole items so I can see how that was overwhelming to this bunch) and freezing cold fries which I have no idea how you can even do since even if it been under the warmer for a while... stone cold fries? I wouldn't put it past them they kept them on a counter somewhere instead though. And on top of that I made the mistake of asking for extra pickles on my big mac which I'm sure put this kitchen in a frenzy so they just threw all the ingredients in the box so I can do my own assembling of it... which was probably for the best because who knows what chaos it would cause for them to assemble it. I would be embarrassed to own this place. Don't go here... I know it's fast food and we shouldn't expect much but Altamonte Mcds never dissapoints. Trust me it's worth the drive.
It   s a hit or miss with the people that work here. Some are great and friendly. Others need an attitude adjustment. Sometimes 
Cold fries. Double cheeseburgers were not hot and the cheese wasn't melted.  The m&ms were dumped on the top of the mcflurry and some spilt out.  $18 is expensive for my meal and a happy meal for my daughter. Then subpar at best.
Slow getting orders out 12 minutes for McDbl/ fries which where Luke warm.
I usually go to this location, mostly as drive thru. Never have a problem with food, service or wait. This last visit went with the family a group of 7. And order inside the lobby was clean, the staff was friendly. The gentleman that took our order failed to charge as a large meal so we got a medium and when an item in our order was missing Minerva quickly corrected the error. In addition Minerva walked around the lobby checking in on guests including us. That ½
Typical McDonald's restaurant. Clean, relatively new facility with a friendly, well-trained staff. Ample parking available and very easy access/egress for both North and South bound Semoran Blvd/SR436.
Bad service that don't give me what you order
Very unsatisfied, order was wrong. Management correct my order. Just gave me an extra fry and dismissed me. Will not be returning. My money is just as good at burger King. I understand that you are short-handed, but that should never compromise customer service.
When I approached the window the gentleman cashier just looked at me. I said, "Hello", and he did not speak. I handed him my card and he took it as if he were frustrated. When he handed the card back to me I said, "Thank you" and he said nothing back. I'm not one to usually make a big deal about things. I try not to be "that person"; however, the way he acted was so unnecessary. Maybe I reminded him of someone, I do not know and never will know. I just refuse to go to this location again.  
Went there tonight around 11:15 and the drive thru worker didn   t have his headphone mic off and just kept cursing saying this is    bull****    and kept on. I go to order my food and he tells me the milkshake machine is down. No problem but when I politely ask if there   s a certain time it 
The line on the drive through is very slow and long. So i decided to go inside. It is friday night. On the door states lobby open untill 12am. They have the doors locked and guys dancing and clowning around. One of them opens the door and tells me they can not take orders in the lobby that drive through is the only way. I asked him may i speak to the shift manager. So he went off and came with one of the guys. Not the manager. He said that the owner of the McDonald's closes early. I recommend people to go elsewhere and not here. Is not worth the time.
It was good. I asked for my stuff to be hot and they did. I feel like regardless at lunch time 12pm stay busy. But this location is so far the best to me. Everybody loves McDonald's and I don't know how some people could do this everyday it's been so pricey it's crazy I can only maybe do it once or twice a month when I have to for work.
yall need to step it work I know its stressful but ppl at the window need to look in the bag know its the right thing and repeat it back . I'm happy I don't work there nor do I ever want to if I had to but everytime our order is wrong . and you pay for not what you get its sad we can't afford to pay for sonthing we want. and get ripped off. let's do better guys. if you don't like ur job or have an additide towards ppl just leave it at home or find another job .
Today visit was the worse . Other stops they forgot things or wrong in my orders, forgetting hashbrowns , wrong  items drinks made wrong. But today it took the cake, The work took a couple of minutes to take are order . Then when we got are order my wife check it, all the items where there . But only 2 ideam that where right was the hash browns and a sweet tea . Order a #3  Bacon egg and cheese biscuit or hash Browns and sweet tea 2nd order was a sausage egg mcmuffin with a hot chocolate. We got a sausage muffin with cheese and a sausage muffin with a hot chocolate that my wife said it was not drinkable . If you ask why didnt we take it back . We dont have time drop the wife off at work then i get on the road to go to work . Dont think we be going back to this McDonald's its becoming more of a disappointment then a enjoyment.
They need to work on their service at drive thru
I felt really sick after eating the fish fillet sandwich. They made me wait a long time at curbside for my sandwich and fries. I assumed it will all be fresh. How wrong was I. Disgusting sandwich and stale fries. Never returning to this location again.
I ordered a kid's meal that took 14 minutes to receive,  they claim hash browns are not a lunch time item even though it's on the all day breakfast menu claiming it took 12 minutes to cook a hash brown worst location ever
I came here at around 11pm last night, I ordered a spicy mcchicken medium meal, 2 cheeseburgers, and I asked for the fries fresh. I usually never have an issue when I go to other McDonald's. I order the same thing. Well its not fresh, its called "to order". I had to wait , no issues with that, if you want fresh food you typically have to wait for it to be made.  I got my food 8 minutes later and drove off so I could get the food to the house. Almost home, I look in the bag and grab a fry, because mcdonalds fries fresh are freaking delicious. Yeah no, I bit 5 fries all at once and they were soggy and unsalted. Highly disappointed. I tried to call and the phone just rang. I was no longer close to the mcdonalds so I just ordered the same thing at another mcdonalds closer to my destination in winter park. They actually gave me a discount and apologized for my troubles at this mcdonalds. They said they "understood". I wont be coming back to this mcdonalds.
The worst place to eat. Go there only if you have 3 hours of leisure time & you dont mind waiting 45 minutes to an hr to be taken care of. Only one manager & too many rookies are uncapable too supply the high demand.
The food was alright. But there was almost no one in the front. To ask for something, I had to stand there for almost 10 mins. Maybe they are very short staffed. Idk. Other then that, it seemed okay.
Terrible service. Charged me $7.98 for 2 snack size McFlurries when that is the price for 2 regular size. Asked for a meal and only gave me the burger. Full of dumb people that can 
Worst McDonald's in the area. After waiting in line over 20 minutes I finally get to the window, for them to inform me that they were closed. Mind you this was at 1:12 am Saturday morning. The store hours for this location reads closes at 3 a.m not 1:12 a.m!! Clearly management didn't want to serve any more customers due to high volume not because they were closed or closing. Will never go back to this location.
I live close so I frequent this location. They almost always get my very simple order wrong and they can't even use the most basic forms of respect such as speaking to a customer. They just take the card, hand it back(most of the times without the receipt) and at the next window hand you your incorrect order without so much as a word. Head a few miles down A1A and get much better service with a friendlier staff.
The last in a string of bad experiences, I only received half my order and it was still wrong. Genuinely impressive how almost every experience at this location is terrible. Won't be returning
With all the issues that almost every business is experiencing...major shortages of both food and employees.. McDonald's seems to be the only place that has managed to keep it all together and do things right! Employees at this location are always efficient, professional and pleasant.
This has been one of the worst McDonald's I have been too. Not only where the to drive through lines extremely long, but then when we get to the window the person was confused with our order. We drive up to get our food and the person was pleasant enough. The food now left a lot to be desired. French fries were not fresh. They had zero salt. We ordered a 10 piece of chicken nuggets and got eight pieces. Then on top of that they're old and stale and cold. Needless to say we will never be going there again.
Went through the drive through, nothing to complain about. But you can tell that the people who work there do not want to be there. Too many fast food places in this area are like that though. Maybe if they got paid a livable wage they'd be happier. Maybe they deserve to be treated like human beings too? Yeah I think so!
Miyra is extremely rude and slow. Acts like she hates her job. Took 30 minutes to get an egg McMuffin and hash brown
Horrible McDonald's I had visited this McDonald's in the late evening and I was getting cussed out by a employee mopping the floor. How would I supposed to know what area are you mopping without a sign? or just tell me politely to watch my step. I would've kept coming to this McDonald's but if someone is mopping the floor and cussing customers out for walking on the wet floor needs to be fired.
Strangely I almost always get skipped in line at this McD. I will pull up as the lone vehicle and another pulls up a minute later in the lane beside me and get immediate service. I am not sure if it's because my car is quiet or what but its mildly annoying. Never has my sauce order been correct. Never. Even when I pay for it. Even when I ask and confirm at the window. It's awkward confirming sauce and then having to ask for the exact sauce you were just promised was in the bag.
Today at approximately 2:20 I asked for a happy meal and asked for the extra french fries in the order and the lady of the dri thru told me give it to me - give it to me now, in a high tone of voice give me the bag and I pack very reluctantly, she was really rude at the time of serving me simply for asking for some fries, now if you could give me a feedback, because it really is not the way to serve the customer
Ok, so I went and tried the new Spicy chicken nuggets, I personally prefer the Wendy's spicy nuggets they are much more tender and fresh tasting. The McDonald's Spicy Nuggets were Spicy alone, add on the Spicy sauce and they will make you sweat!!! But mine were extremely dry and hard, one had a weird rubber chewy piece so that was interesting, I can say I tried them but I was not impressed.
food is typically put together well, however curbside is a minimum of 20 minutes once you pull up. Then hopefully you can get a curbside spot because the spots are usually full of customers theyve had pull forward and park to wait for their food. might as well go through the drive thru
i   m honestly only leaving one star because i have to. staff was rude as can be. i went through the drive thru and ordered a #9 the 2 cheeseburger meal and an extra cheeseburger with a small fry and at the window checked the food and the employee was rude asked if we got a problem and rolled her eyes. well the order was wrong so good thing i checked. went inside the store and finally got my cheeseburgers after standing there for 15 minutes and complained to the manager and she walked away with no response. Finally got my food and opened it up and there was A HAIR IN MY FOOD. the entire order was wrong the first time around. Never will i ever go back to this restaurant again.  terrible service, i just ended up going bac
They mess with your food here!!!
I left in fear. I was treated so rude. Sat at drive through for 20 minutes.. Was yelled at walking up to window to ask why they are not taking my order. Did nothing wrong but was treated like a criminal. And then the comment. " Don't worry, we will take special care of your order" in that tone.  I WILL NEVER FEEL SAFE EATING AT MY MCDONALD'S AGAIN
I am done with this Mcdonald's ! I have been going there almost every morning and get a double biscuit and gravy. How hard is it to get a order correct.They charge me for it but I don't get it. It seems when a certain crew is working i get the worst service or no service. I have been told they have no gravy, no biscuits best one of all at 4 am they do not service breakfast due to corona. But waffle house does..
"Joseph is a good employee they should give him a raise cause he told me how much 200 chicken nuggets are so that   s why he should get a raise.

P.S he was a good sport I di"
Unfortunately today while waiting in line (pulled to the side not in the drive through lane) my frappe was given to the person behind me. She graciously didn't take it and instead got off her car and walked back inside with it. I waited 10 mins and when nothing happened I went through the drivethrough line again and the girl at the window told me she was gonna give me that same drink back. I was very confused by this, especially in Covid times. I requested a different drink, no offense to the nice lady that brought it back but just to be safe. The worker said to me that the lady only touched the lid while carrying it so then I asked to change the lid to which they told me I had to pull forward and wait again. Needless to say it was not worth being late to work for this ï¿½ï
Good service Area is bot the best , but they are open late. Quick service and food is done in time,  ppl are pretty nice.
O came through the drive though and the guy there was so nice such a pleasure to be around you could tell he definitely cared about his job to the point where I actually gave him a tip at the window he ended up selling me to buying more than what I anticipated then I got home and of course behold my food was incorrect called back spoke to the manager the manager said absolutely come back in and we will correct it which I did and steaks happened came back through the drive-thru a new manager was absolutely wonderful it's how you handle something that makes it worth going back or not. Mistakes happen.
Always get my food fresh and never mind waiting. This location is so convenient! It is always clean and well maintained inside and out. I only gave 4 stars because the staff is hit or miss. Most of the time there is a very nice crew when I go. Sometimes there ½
Today visit was awful. Food was stiff and luke warm and was missing some items  when I asked for it to be remade Joann the manger argue with me about it. I shouldnt have to argue to get hot food I paid for. Im back to update my review I originally gave my visit a 1 star. I got an email from Bre Williams the general manger she invited my family back and insured this is not how her store operates. Showing care for the customer goes along way. Thank Mrs. Williams for reaching out .
The workers were incredibly friendly and accommodating and the atmosphere was nice with cute little stools. The digital ordering was a little confusing but overall it was a lovely experience for a McDonald's. Food was good and it hit the spot  
If I could give it zero stars I would. Your MANAGER is RUDE. Someone ordered breakfast at 1050am, she said no more breakfast. I said "there is no more breakfast?" She said out loud, in front of customers "ends at 1030, EVERYONE KNOWS THAT" No everyone DOESNT know that, some serve it 24/7. She continued to berate me.
For fast food this McDonald's is better then average. I think it is probably due to the staff. There is a young girl named Carissa on the Am shift who is excellent. She sees us come in the door and has started our coffee ( we always stop on the way to work). She runs around the restaurant ' topping' off your coffee . We always know when she is working the restaurant is neat and clean. Thanks Carissa for starting our day off with a smile
The employees are great but the store manager is just a nightmare. We have coupons with the McDonald's app. The store manager stated that she really hoped that they would stop honoring them, because she was tired of having to ring then up. My wife and I went to the restaurant today and, she said the system was down and she would not accept them at all. I'm going to try and avoid this McDonald's in the near future.
Super rude. Suppose to be 24 hrs and they acted like "how dare i eat here" at like 2am. The worker never even spoke to me just took my card and shut the door on me didn't even get a chance to ask for ketchup.
They never ever give me the amount of cream and sugar I ask for in my coffee. The super lazy ones tell me their cream and sugar dispensers are broken at least one to two times a week :/ been visiting the one and extra mile away in Casselberry, just bc they make my coffee how I want. This location used to get a LOT of my hard earned dollars but as of late I been choosing other location.
Went through the drive thru a few days ago, had the car in front of me take the food I paid for, so they had to make my stuff again. I waited a little bit but got fresh food. I   m giving a 5 st
"My home Mcmunch always there to solve my cheeseburger deficiency. 436&1792
IYKYK"
"My order # was 1471. Simple order. Big breakfast with extra sausage
No utensils, no syrup, no extra sausage.
So I call. Nina said she was the manager. But transferred me to Bri. Told Bri what happened and she said she would talk to the crew. So I explained that does not help me. I still don   t have what I paid for. She asked how she could help. I asked her to hang on while I answered another phone. Instead she hung up. Few minutes later I called back. Now no one will answ"
The first day the McRib came out I went inside purchased two of them to go to find out when I got home there was hardly too little barbecue sauce on it. So the next day I went to talk to the manager she was very polite and apologized and made it up I replacing the two MC ribs that were fantastic so thank you for making it right bump bump bump.
Wanted a quick bite so I picked up their 2 for $6 dollars mix and match items from their menu
Has to be THE most depressing McDonalds in the area. Ran by a bunch of immature, rude, and miserable workers. I go there because its the closest to me, but won't be going back.
I bought some sundaes and I requested some napkins, but they refused to provide them to me. Too miserable for a multinational company. If they don't provide napkins, what can we expect for the food?
Still getting things in order Kids are respectful, the Manager on night shift is great. I'm sure she moved from the Orange City location! They'll be fine.
Slow af I don 
I'll ordered cappuccino but the machine was being cleaned. Ordered 2 sm coffee w cream on the side. Got coffee, cream already in it and not very hot. They had us pull frwd. When the came out, they gave us 2 med coffee w cream on the side.
DO NOT EAT HERE. Me and 2 friends work right near this McDonald's. We all have each gotten sick twice on completely different occasions each time we eat here. I'm pretty sure they cook these burgers on the floor.. Don't go here unless you like upset stomachs or puking.
3 stars because it's hit or miss whether your order will be correct or not. Or if they give you utensils to actually eat your meal. 100% check your bag before you leave.
Serivce was horrible i walked in there asked for my drinks serveral times and the workers when lost and confused so i walked in a made my own ice tea then i appertantly caused a distrubance by doing that never going back here.
"The MacDonald restaurants has served the best quality fast food for all ages for many years. For the last 20 years I have purchase the chicken nuggets and the consistency and flavor of the nuggets have not changed, they are just right all the time. Epifania, my 90 years old sister love the French Fry and the Grill Chicken Sandwich. Every time she has them she said  ""There is a whole chicken in this sandwich"" ""It is good for a lunch or dinner.""
Congratulation to McDonald!!"
1st time I came, they said they were closed. It's a 24 hr McDonald's. Second time I came, at 4:30 am, still had to wait more than 15 min in Drive thru for order. Only 3 cars ahead of me. Ridiculous.
Just wondering why if the hours on the door say they   re open for Dine-in unti
Ordered nuggets and 3 drinks. Was asked to move and wait in a spot.  Staff did not even listen to order.
In the morning this McDs is so fast, so friendly and always gets the order right. They don't add something I didn't ask for. The hash browns are always crisp and hot.  When I say light ice they comply.  Thanks morning crew.
I take advantage of the buy one get one breakfast sandwiches. Definitely worth saving your receipts!
The perfect example of what a McDonald's can be. Food was hot and fresh and made to perfect spec. Curbside pickup took under 3 minutes. Good work!
Really like this McDonald's , it's got a double drive through which is nice , fast service and luckily haven't had any issues with their ice cream machine being down ï¿½ï
Went inside because the drive-thru line was long. It actually didn't matter, they were just slow over all. Four cars had to pull up and wait for their orders and 2 of those were only drinks.
We just went through the drive through at the McDonald   s on 436 and 17-92. Once again it proves to be our favorite. Vonelle read back our order to make sure and had the 
Worst place ever took 16 minutes in the drive thru to get my order it should take no more than 4 min or less to get food out
Shout out to Hope!! Thank you for your hard work and consistancy this is the only girl and 1st mcdonalds that has gotten my order right..every morning!! You deserve a raise..keep up the good work thank you..customer service A+..lead by example follow Hope she is headed in the right direction.. ½ï¿
Got there in time for breakfast. I can't believe I paid so much for egg McMuffin. It will probably be my last and I will make my own at home from now on.
3rd visit in 3 weeks to the one  simeron in Apopka near hunt club , first time was slow service the second visit I was told at the drive thru they couldn't take anymore orders because the staff didn't show up but yet took orders in the other lane, and today's visit again super slow and after we left the drive thru realized the sweet tea was not sweet. I'm so done with this location!
Good morning good morning the coffee was old the place is dirty I will not come back here again the people are nice but the place is dirty very dirty please clean up paint please cleanest McDonald though the bathroom was dirty the tables were dirty the outside was dirty have a great day
This place is good for a quick bite but if going through drive through make sure to check order before leaving. They usually get something wrong or forget to put something in your order.
Worst McDonalds you can possibly find in Florida. If I could give 0 stars that would be more suitable.  They mess up orders they're the only McDonalds in 10 miles that charges extra after 2 pumps of sugar. They dont understand what "light ice" means and you're going to have problems if you are trying to use their app for coupons. Please do not allow this McDonalds to ruin your experience and take your money, any McDonalds within 5 miles of this location will provide you the proper service McDonalds is iconic for. Take it from a local, stay far away from this location unless you like waiting ridiculous wait times and feeling cheated out of your money. I have visited this location enough times to understand they are literally the worst location I have been to. This is coming from someone who has been all around central Florida. Please do yourself a favor and go to any other McDonalds to get the experience you deserve.
Cashier Jamesha mocking customers laughing in their face. Moving very slow. At her own beat. Very rude. If I were apart of the Wright family she would definitely not be apart of my family business. I was in drive thru for 25 minutes before parking and coming inside all to witness the foolery which has the line backed up in the first place. However Jamesha is the only one who had a name tag on. Everyone looked over worked and under paid. Very slow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Also as I'm writing this review waiting my order it's been 35 minutes here total. The manager sets the tone and she is even slower. Her walk expresses she's lazy
"I've been going to this location most of my life since it's not far from my home. So I've seen this McDonald's go through a lot of changes. The employees here generally have decent attitudes, there are a few that tend to be rude. The store is also dirty a lot of the time. It's a very busy location, and maybe it's from having a lot of foot traffic, but the floor is usually dirty, the drink station will be filthy and wet and sticky, the ketchup area will be out of ketchup, and/or there will be ketchup all over the place, too. The tables tend to be dirty, too, you usually have to clean off your own table. Also they have those light up tables that kids like, and when I go in there with my kid there will be homeless people sitting there, and they won't be eating, and they'll have their stuff all over the place and sit there for hours. And mind you, these tables seat about 8 and there will be one homeless person sitting there. My kid will want to sit there so he can play with the lights, and I'll have to tell him he can't because this one homeless person sitting at one of the largest table, is camping there. The employees don't seem to care at all that these people are doing this despite them sitting there for hours, but buying anything. Sometimes they'll even be sleeping at the table.
The kid's play area is also really crappy. They have nothing for the kids to play on like a playplace. They have 4 of these really crappy touch screen games things that rarely work properly, or at all. When I was a kid they had a huge playplace, which they took out when they remodeled the store. It even had N64's at one point, along with the playplace. But they took it all out and replaced it with a ""sitting"" place instead of a playplace. It's really awful.
So, all in all, this McDonald's is dirty, has a lot of homeless people that practically live there, and isn't really kid friendly. The food is okay, as long as it's hot food (I get a lot of cold food or my order is wrong), and the employees are generally friendly, but there have been a lot of times where the managers are rather lackluster, meaning that you can tell they don't want to be there. This location needs a lot of work. And they need to do something about the amount of homeless people that hang around in there. There hasn't been a single time I've gone there that there wasn't at least one homeless person there taking up the interactive table that kids want to sit at, with all their dirty things sitting on the table itself. The table is by the front counter, too and you can often times smell the homeless person that's sitting there the whole time you're waiting in line and waiting for your food and while you get your drinks. It is not kid friendly at all at this store. With the store being in a nicer part of town you'd expect quite a bit more cleanliness."
This location was awful today. They rang up our order wrong, then gave it to us still wrong. Took over 15 min to get our order and we had to ask for our drink cups so we could at least get our drinks while waiting. As we stood there, we saw almost every person have a problem with their orders. The person at the register was messing up every order and the back kept making the wrong things. Worst visit ever.
Horrible service. Drive thru speaker was not lit up/broken and when I pulled up to order, I was greeted rudely. I asked if I could order at the window and the lady said "i guess so." My order was also wrong and the bacon burger came with no bacon. BAD place to visit during a 3rd shift!!
The food at this store is always done right. They seem to run a good kitchen. Things are served at the right temp and 99% of the time taste great. Unlike other stores where you've got about a 60% chance of great food.
Worst McDonald ½ï¿½
Definitely very good service. I love the Christian music. Very nice and clean. Always love eating inside. I give a 10 star rating. Even higher than 10 as far as I'm concerned.  
Get a veggie burger already!! God!!! 
There always seems to be a rush and not in a good way. Obvious rush hours are meant to be hectic. But when most of the staff are young and  teenage-ish  and rightfully so because age and mindset it a bit understandable.  But not getting right items with orders, or taking longer the should be to get final order is saying something. Having work in the Food & Beverage industry for numerous years in various positions  I Sympathize. When an Iced flavored coffee is made so sweet  with Syrup it's undrinkable that's not acceptable nor is  Appreciated.
"It's McDonald's not much to say.
Service was pretty fast."
No matter the time of day, this location always messes up my order, shorts me or makes me wait wayyyy toooo long.  Will not be going back to this location as I have given them way too many chances and for years nothing has change other then worse service.
"Two employees preparing the food simply didn't wear a mask. I am highly dissatisfied with the effort put into enforcing the wearing of a mask. Why during this pandemic, which has not settled in the least, have you not have had a keen eye on employees in order to safeguard the wellbeing of your customers. It's unacceptable to have this lack of care while thousands of healthcare workers are having to work day in and out (With a mask on!) To save lives. Consider this message before you enter this McDonald's (Or any restaurant really) because the meal you get can very well be the deciding factor on whether or not you live in weeks time.
And the fries were luke warm.."
I   ve had good and bad experiences here! Haven   t had ti
Ordered 2 fillet o fish sandwiches after not having McDonald's for  months, ordered Xtra cheese got extra tarter instead. Had it remade got no tarter no extra cheese again. This is why ppl  are mad you make such a high wage. :(
The food was at McDonald's standards. But the upkeep of the restaurant was less than average. Garbage cans overflowing. Foot prints all over the floor and the fountain drink dispenser wasn't draining. Its had about an inch of fluid in the waste catcher. You couldn't even set your cups down to fill them up.
This McDonald's, is a McDonald's that we've been frequenting on Wednesdays, we go after dinner, for a little desert with a fairly large group, and we had an excellent experience with a cashier, very friendly and was quick to ensure we had everything we needed. I normally get the turtle brownie sundae, a very delicious treat.
"Pretty much the definition of ""meh"" and ""ok"" service. Had the unpleasant pleasure of having an older lady by the name of Precious take my order and was just awful. She had the worst ""I don't care"" kind of attitude. Worst yet,  I believe she was the shift last or manager.

Either way,  if you don't care for the customer service, the food is usually on par."
"It's 6:15pm, line is SUPER LONG!! Waited a quite of bit of time just to order. So be prepared!!
Food was hot and fresh ( 10 piece nugget meal)"
I went to this MC Donald's because it is the closest to my home. The food was well below standard. My fish was cold and so we're the fries. From now on I will go to another MC Donald's. This one sucks. And it wasn't the first time.
Everything Very good, but I ask for fresh fries ,and the spanish manager there wanted me to stay with warm fries ,and I said no...fresh fries are fried in the moment...they should be taught to say give us a minute your fries will be fried at the moment... because the customer is very important for us....and period...
2nd attempt at this location for dessert, didnt have the cinnamon rolls or chocolate drizzle for my mocha frappe    ï¿½ï¿½ï
I went up to fern park McDonald   s   s today and the manager kasey was extremely rude gave me a sassy attitude all because I was missin
Employees were great, food was good
Waited in line for 10mins to get stale, cold, hard, fries. My burger was cold greasy, so greasy the bread was soggy. I mean... What did I wait for? Pretty much good on this location.
Fast and friendly they have no problem giving us extra mayonnaise and salt and pepper. My boyfriend mom always gets no salt because she can't have it and every time they make sure no salt
Went to grab some breakfast here since Chik Fila looked closed. Placed order for 2 Bacon/Egg/Cheese Biscuits and 3 showed up on the screen and the female on the intercom was quite inconvenienced to correct my order. Waited a minute, but when the items didn't appear on the screen, I said "Ma'am?" and her response was "YEA?!" in a condescending, scathing tone. I said never mind and got out of there. Heifer needs a reality check.
Went with Dad to get milkshakes (drive thru) and they were actually out of milkshakes     ½! This is not the first time this branch is out of  
For a McDonald's this place is good.  The staff for the most part are friendly and helpful.  The parking lot and drive-through are well designed.  I also like the fact that this location is open 24 hours.
Shamrock shakes are the best things in the world, I can't resist. I hate fast food but damn, I need these green frozen milk cups of joy. I'm certainly glad that they are not available for too long, I'd be 400 pounds! AND this McD's is open 24 hours a day, how evil!
Lines were long even at 7pm but food was hot at this location and they don't skim on the ice cream cones
Boy, this place is really going down Th He tubes. I ordered a fish sandwich and there was a 1/4 piece of unmelted cheese. It was cold and looked like it was run over by a truck. What's up Golden Arches?
This is the most run down mcdonalds I think there is in existence. What happen all the new models they have everywhere else in Orlando and the country? Came here when I first moved to the area, and was given literally rotten lettuce on my quarter pounder that I paid 30 cents extra for. I bit into the rotten lettuce and that   s how discovered it. I had to talk to the manager and he though making me a new one was fair. Eventually after threatening to rep
Waited over 2 minutes at drive thru pick up window,  gave me drink without straw then was told to pull over and park after waiting. Took over 4 minutes to serve me a swiss/mushroom burger meal. I was the only person in line and only one came behind me. Not sure why I waited over 4 minutes
Cleanest McDonald's I've had the pleasure of stopping in, in a long time.  Friendly people, manager is on top of her game.  #impressed
Sick an tired of ordering food and finding out it's wrong when you get home and open it up. I ordered fish with extra sauce.  The box was marked properly so I left with it. Got home and it was about 1 tablespoon.
Always fast when I'm there food is hot and always treat me with respect. I will be back and will tell everyone I know this is a great McDonald's.
Stopped for nuggets and for once they were fresh. Usually, they're out of the cabinet and have been there well past the discard time, but that's the norm for most McDonalds.
Got someone else's order at curbside but im lovin it
I go very often but today is the last time...You guys never pay attention . i think a good 65% of the time i go,  ive gotten the wrong order in the morning.  Take a little bit more pride in your work, pay attention to detail and care a bit...
Clean, well cooked and prepared food, smiling employees, and modern interior. The nicest McDonald's I have been to in quite a while. Keep up the good work and thank you again.
Loud speaker at drive thru "Due to technical difficulties we're closed." Yet someone is getting served right in front of me?? There's a reason yall are called crackdonalds and nobody goes to yall anymore.  Thought with WAWA opening up across the street this would change,  guess i was wrong for trying.
It took us 20 mins to get to order and get our drinks...So slow...very disappointing...
The staff was helpful and understanding. My McDonald's app doesn't work in drive-thru, the manager was very warm and helpful getting my order filled.
New employees I am ok with it, but they should be able to check orders and go through the order with customers.  Keep forgetting items.
Drink machine had no ice and didn't work. Hamburger was tasteless.
I went at lunch time and ordered my meal and sat down at a chair. they actually brought my food out to me at the table, which I was blown away. I didn't realize they did that at McDonalds. it was a very pleasant experience.
Don ½ï¿
Went there for breakfast in the drive-through they sent me to park so they could bring me my food. I waited for 10 minutes and they never came out so I just left.
Place is very clean, friendly. The food was ready very quick. Nice place workers very helpful and giving.
Regularly not open during listed hours on McDonald's website.
Pleasant employees. Fast and efficient service. I get my coffee here  a lot and it's always made just right!
Great service and great crew
"I always order a double hamburger with extra pickles so I expect to have at least 4 or more pickles cuz it usually comes with 3, but the two I just received only had 1. When I say extra pickle, I mean extra pickle!!!

Update: I ordered the same thing again tonight but only got 1 pattie on each. Last I checked, DOUBLE hamburgers come with TWO patties."
The person who took our order charged us for a large meal and then rang in a small drink. When I questioned the girl giving us our items, she got defensive and accused the drink machine. She argued with us the entire time she was fixing the problems. Never again.
HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE. I ordered a cone and it was a tiny pitiful looking excuse for a cone so I asked the manager [who made it & handed it to me] to remake it the correct size and way. He said 50 cents..it looked like a childs cone..he said you can pay 50 cents or take the cone..I kept insisting he remake it..he suggested to refund my money and I took it and went to Wendy's!! it was crazy how rude the manager and the staff were. I've worked for mcds before and the service I received was extremely below par. Never going to this mcds again.
Very good
Worst McDonalds. The girl at the window had no idea what she was doing. She got an attitude and got her manager because she couldn't handle why we were asking for the new garlic white cheddar burger. Every worker here makes it obvious they don't want to work.
Says 10-20 minute delivery yet for the past year it ½ï¿
It says they're open 24/7 but when I got to the drive through at 1 am they said they're closed
If you like your burgers with extra Grease this is the place. It's the worst McDonald's I've ever been to. The outside box was only the beginning
Very poorly customer service I asked for a carmelfrapa got it with no Carmel because they didn't have any in the store I wasn't told at all I had to go inside from drive thru to find that out very unsatisfied..
Drive thru is not what it use to be. They take far to long to be fast food, because I thought it suppose to be 30 seconds. And half the time they mess up my order.
They made my burger just like I wanted it. Nice and hot.  
Thanks for the help! Staff is very professional and courteous. The place is quiet and clean. Thanks again. ï¿½ï
"It seems like they are short-handed.
I appreciate the people who choose to go to work.  We need Americans to choose to go to work !!!!!
America needs You!!!"
The people that work there DO NOT LISTEN to their customers you order one thing and they don   t listen and just give you whatever they w
It is the cleanest one we've ever been in..and the service was so pleasant.  It was nice to eat inside too
"Pretty bad salad. This was the second time the salad was not fresh at all. Turning brown.
Manager was nice enough to have another one made and refund. But not worth the wait."
Drive thru went quick order was listed on screen paid and received order order was hot and correct no problems
Hot fries a must, not so hot last visit, experienced ice cream maker, please tii
Never had a problem at this McDonald's. Staff is always friendly. Now the 1 in the Wal-Mart shopping center in Casselberry sucks rude workers and nasty establishment.
super nice  And the full it was fresh
"Asked the girl if she can drop me fresh McChickens please, keep in mind I got four of them, they handed me McChickens that weren't even lukewarm.
Smh.
Weren't even busy."
I placed mobile order and went to drive thru to pick up and told me to park! I waited almost half an hour and my order was still incorrect. What's purpose of ordering on line if don't get it promptly?
Got my order wrong by forgetting to put the meat in the hamburger I ordered. Had to drive all the way back because they don 
Always Great Service and Employees here.  Plus food. Always good hot and fresh!!!
Chicken nuggets were fresh and hot. They needed no sauce. I went through the drive-thru and they were very efficient.
"This McDonald   s chicken sandwich tasted like they changed the cooking oil once a year nasty
Plus they always forget something by th"
They never get the order right and be prepared to wait for them to fix it
Just very long line and wait due to the university students
Bummed!!! The girl behind the counter was so helpful. Pretty upsetting that ALL of the sandwiches in my order were wrong. Yay...my fries were right!
Pretty much what you expect from McDonald's. There's multiple drive thrus, which is good and makes it faster to get you're food compared to other ones without them.
"This McDonald's looks like a McDonald's should. It's a good McDonald's. Great, even. Good food, too.

Built in 1989, this McDonald's is true McDonald's quality, whatever that is. Good service. Good-quality food. Clean interior. Modern on the inside, classy on the outside. Perfectly balanced, as McDonald's should be."
Misha and crew were awsome first I sd 60 nuggets strong noooo it was 80 nuggets strong....THANK YOU GUYS  ½ï¿½ï¿½ï
Went at 2am and they said there closed!? It says 24 hours ! Lazy as s workers
I like this location. Always clean and not too busy. Recommended
McDonald's is good however they're set up on how they take coupons causes the customer to accidentally pay normal price
This location at this time was ok. Order for my Friend was as they wanted..
Worst service.  Waited 20 minutes for 6 piece buttermilk chicken tender meal in drive thru, and they got it wrong THREE times before getting my order.
Very nice, quiet and super clean place, and if you like high tech looking restaurants then you are at home, in the other hand, the food quality excellent, highly recommended..
I order 10 pieces of nuggets for my pregnant wife, when we got home to eat not only was it missing 2 nuggets BUT THERE WAS HAIR IN HER NUGGETS AS WELL!
They were fast and the cheeseburgers we ordered were perfect. Probably the best McDonalds we've had in a while!
Always busy, fast service - I love the Sausage & Egg McMuffin + the Iced Coffee drinks! Friendly & Professional Staff.
Food wasn't the greatest and they made meet wait for something so simple and they probably could use some customer service training.
The food is ok. The price is ok. If you go through the drive through, they always make you pull forward because your food isn't ready yet.
"ZERO STAR RATING!
15 MINUTE WAIT FOR ONE EGG MCMUFFIN, COFFEE & HASH BROWN!!!
And you'll want $15.00 an hour........"
It was ok as far as food from McDonald's goes. The service was fast and the lady who took my order was nice.
Real friendly staff, but the last time I came here there were salt and pepper shakers at every table like a real restaurant but now there's just salt and pepper packets
French fries so yummy in my tummy
We went post hurricane. They would not take debit cards, and only had limited menu items. Such a mess here in FL.
The food here is generally good, but I've noticed that their nuggets are kind of a gamble on freshness.
Always missing food
Very clean, the remodel looks fantastic. The staff was friendly. Had an enjoyable lunch there today
Always fresh when I go there and the staff are friendly never have an attitude like at other McDonald's
Always have top notch service and food at this location. Never disappointed.
Girl at the window was nasty and major attitude. Pulled out of line and left.
Its McDonalds not much more to say other than this is one of the locations using the order kiosks which opens up a whole new way to customize your fast food adding things you may have previously not known available
I can find just about anything I need. The staff are always very helpful.  Im in a wheelchair and they are more then willing to help me.
I am not a great fan of McDonald's but the drive-thru was quick and the food was as expected.
Pretty good for a Mc'd. My late night drive thru visits were usually pretty quick and the staff pretty friendly.
I don   t frequent this restaura
Best McDonald's in the area, even when they have long lines they manage then very well.
The store has been getting a lot better over the months, would recommend!
Drive thru a little slow but friendly people and food on par
Good morning outstanding service the coffee was fresh the food was great the place was clean the staff was great have a great day
Love this location. Everyone is so nice and my order is always correct.
It was decent they messed up my cheeseburger by putting onions on it but otherwise decent
The drive thru employees are always very nice.
every time i visit this place i truly get sick. i think its some thing to do with how they refrigerate the food.
Order usually comes out wrong, but they usually fix it quickly. The employees are treated terribly!
This is a wonderful facility, well laid-out, classic McDonald's menu items.  We enjoyed it!
Loving how they are making new changes including in the menu. Hopefully they will bring back The Chilli Sauce.
Really love mc D's been there since I turned 4 years old
Very slow! Drive thru line was wrapped around the building so I went in to order. Took 15 minutes to get a cheeseburger and fries.
Got to love the McD fries, been a long time since I was here but when I tasted the fries, it's the best , no doubt.
I have never had an order wrong here. Service is usually great.
Ordered through app & pick up takes a little longer here. Staff isn't as together as other locations.
Ur food will be hot sometimes cold or they will yet the oder wrong
The quarter pounder looked like it had been dropped multiple times, was in 3 pieces and way over seasoned.
Perfect amount of salt on my fries. They supplied an ample amount of sauce with my nuggets.
It was okay.Have not been there in over 10 years.
It's McDonald's.  ½
Angel is a great worker at the drive thru window! Very nice and quick@
This restaurant has been remodeled and it looks great. The service is good and the food is fresh.
I always go to the same place and today was the worst customer service experience ever
Went in ordered 1 mcdouble 1 mcchicken an it was a manager that took my order that didn't know how to use the register and charged me for 2 mcchicken a and a mcdouble didn't notice until I already paid an was halfway home
The morning crew is professional, to they are a stellar group,  but the midnight shift is horrible, food is cold, desserts we're squashed and when I showed them the muffins she said"that's how they came out"
Food is always really fresh. Very expediente service.
"Disappointing
No McRib or chicken nuggets available"
Very good lunch was hot and nice just the way I like it
Just had a quick coffee and pastry. Hit the spot when in a rush.
I only give it 3 strars because they need to install a cover for when it's raining to make our orders so our whole car doesn't get soaked
Very polite at the drive thru and order is always correct
Average....almost every time I visit this place, however, it always smells like garbage! The staff is quite friendly, though!!
Food was excellent! Friendly employees. Restaurant was clean and so were the restrooms. A++
I'm not a fan of McDonald's food, but I work nearby, so sometimes I walk where when I forget my lunch. The managers are friendly here, and that says a lot.
I ask for some extra fries with the order and they did not gave it to me
The first time I've ate McDonalds in a very long while.  It was very fresh and a very pleasant change.  I will be going back.
I always like coming to this McDonald's it's always clean the staff is always friendly and they were pretty quickly.
I went to use the ketchup machine and it was messed up it went all over my close I complained about it all they told me they where sorry.  And j just bought that close!!!!very upset.
Nice and clean environment, prompt service and order filled correctly, what else could I ask for?!?!?!
Apparently not open 24 hours. Need updated info.
Quick service and a nice large parking lot yo sit and eat and watch the traffic go by
Very very slow in the mornings and employees are not too friendly
Food is great time to make your self conscious choice for a good deal!
I can never stop eating cheese burger. Love this place!
They seemed like they gave me old food and the fries was to hard and the buns as well
Great service very clean restrooms. Clean dinning room friendly staff
A little stale.....waited over 15min. for our Drive thru order.....
"Lol. It's McDonald's what do you expect. But man, this is bottom of the barrel. Even for McDonald's it's terrible. Drive the extra 5 minutes to the other one.

3/5 for food.
-5/5 for service."
Tables are dirty most of the time, good food, fast, weird people.
Consistently deliver tasty food and fast service.
Fries were cold and seemed like they were dropped back in the grease after already being cooked so were the nuggets.
Not as fresh as I would have liked it, but it was good.
Best place to grab a bite
Good service. Friendly staff. Food was served fast and hot
Nice employees but waited 15 min for cold food
Food was nice, hot and fresh. Will be back
Stopped for a quick breakfast to go.The guy inside was super quick and friendly.
Great service
Got my order wrong, didn ½
The food sucks.. how do they mess up a kids meal and give some cold fries no bueno
McD's needs to stop messing with the $1 sodas!!
The fries were old and the fish sandwich literally had a 1/2 slice of cheese with a pinch of tartar sauce
Always have a good experience when I do arrive.
Fries were kind of cold but the wait was no so bad
Service is excellent about the food sometimes comes out cold
Drive thru times vary. Faster to go inside during the evening rush
Service was a bit slow, food was good, nothing wrong.
Quick service
They need help badly.
The worker ignored me and started helping another customer in the midst of explaining to me about the new iced turtle macchiato
Service was fast, even though it was busy.
Service was a little slow. But people were nice
Amazing worker's and it's faster than all the other McDonald's I've been to
Best mcdonalds. Food tastes good. Service is pretty quick.
Addicted to caramel frappe and fresh French fries ughhhh...lm lovin' it
We did not get the sauces for the chicken nuggets combos.  
It   s a Mc
NOT a 24hr store. Either that or workers that refuse to fulfill orders
Burgers are good . Just check your bag before leaving the drive thru
Typical spot can always use customer service help... & get a order correct
Lost my order while the place was almost empty. Chicken tenders were overcooked.
Always fast service picking up for UE or DD.  Thanks guys!
Very clean place very precise very good happy to go there
Love there breakfast menu. Who cant eat breakfast at any time of the fay. Right
I can't remember so it must have been good.
Put Cheese on my Sauage McMuffin I couldn't put no jelly on there the web tasted nasty
The soda the Coke and dr. Pepper or both MD just straight water no ice in the machine and all the people working there are just laughing and joking around acting like a bunch of high school kids
They need more employees on the overnight shift
Close to I-75 easy on & off the Interstate Exit 5 from I-75, friendly service.
What can I say? McDonalds is the fast foid king/queen.
Coffee was hot and the staff is friendly, thank you for your customer service!
This McDonald's on Semoran, just passed 1792 is the best one that I've been to ever!
Good service and drive thru line always moves fast
Open 24 hours unless closed randomly for a few hours here and there...
They dork up the kids meal every time and the fries are never fresh....but it's a standard place.
Drive thru wasn't too busy, received my food within 5 min
a bad service, only cash, at 4:30 am they only receive Cash, BAD SERVICE
My son and his vanilla milkshakes! Good service and short wait.
I ordered a grilled chicken sandwich and it was tough and undercooked. I do not recommend.
No spicy nuggets! Fast and the girls are young n kind
Good food just slow service? Oh and no ketchup.
Like most McDonalds they are terrible at remembering that we asked for signature sauce.
Coffee always the best. Good Customer service finally
Save yourself the trouble
Always somethi wrong with my food I hot a soda instead of juice and my food was cold
It's McDonald's, good for a quick bite and decent food whenever I show up.
The burger was good but the fries wasn't fresh.
As has been for the last year slow, slow service. Went inside this time, no better.
I love it its nice i got the kid meal to it was greatï¿½
Dirty, slow, inefficient. They now bring your food to your table. They forgot me. So my food was colder than usual.
I love their ice coffee.  I go 4x week for it
My two Quarter pound burgers are so salty. Someone hands are pretty heavy to add too much salt.
The food was just as expected. The place was clean and friendly. I'll be going back.
Although doing construction  at drive thru wait time was not long.
Pictures are misleading. No way does that chicken sandwich is so big liar liar pants on fire!!
This McDonald's is always clean &employees are always so kind & helpful!
Their fish sandwiches and hot fudge sundaes are awesome!! ½ï¿½
Very friendly and professional every time I go through the drive-thru
Had very nice customer service this morning and fast service
Professional and Fast service. Food always is as fresh as McDonald's can be.
Real nice employees  
Very clean and great food  ½ï¿
You can't go wrong with having an amazing breakfast at McDonald's
"My daughter loves happy meals...
And I usually get breakfast"
Well don't ask them for a cup of ice you might be lucky to get six cubes
Not good waited to long for food and then the order was wrong..
Fast and friendly
Super fast drive thru and nice kids
Excellent and very good people
Wrong orders....watch what they give you.....double order lanes ..mean double mistakes
Always good for a fast burger, fries and shake.
Best McDonald's in area. Great staff.
Fast service and good products.
Great place to get Vegan products and entertainment while shopping !
Excellent service! But everyone has room for improvement
Restaurant with clean people are friendly it was a good place to go
This mcdonalds is good, correct order. Good quality
Good customer service and short wait time.
Took a bit to get our food. Staff was friendly
Quick lines. Fries always hot!
These are a great group of employees with customer service foremost
Good place to eat when u work third shift
Food say on the counter for like 5 min before they handed me the bag.
Associates are friendly.  Very seldom get wrong orders. One of the cleaner stores.
This one is always fast and usually gets it right the first time.
I like to swing by here and get water for the kids.  You can't beat McDonalds filtered water!
Management has been getting better
Food is yucky, greasy, fake, but  if you get the fries w/o salt, you have a  winner
Not as great as wendys but i do love their fries.
Very quick and order was spot on
Bread was  hard meet was cold looks like a old sandwich
always good a little expensive but great, fresh
Very good customer service!
Always getting my early morning coffee & awesome customer service!  ½ï¿½
New construction has grown the place to small. Dont like it.
I always have problems with my food!
Good food, great deals w app
Love my McChickens with buffalo sauce $1.
Unprofessional staff, and clearly showing poor care about customers!
Best McDonald's in Orlando where it's always quick, friendly and hot!
Would be more but my spicy mcchicken was very stale
It's ok.the service stinks took too long
Friendly staff, and good food (for McDonald's)
Coo for what it's worth. Not a big fast food restaurant person
Takes a little long to get your food
They fast at the.  Drive thru ..,
Food is fresh during day and usually served fresh.
Breakfast is priced rigjt 2 egg mcmuffins for 3.55
I think they make a good food
The food is the same each week but it's not that good
Always busy, but fast accurate service
Professional staff, hard working
Food's always hot n frwsh
New counters. Greeter at the door very clean quick service
Horrible, most likely not stopping by this location again.
Pretty decent food. Clean facility.
Typical visit. Fries were good.
Curbside pickup in the rain & under 5 minutes! :)
That's all you get. Service is mediocre.
Listening is a big problem but overall it's ok
They did us a good one today
Its McDonald's. Pretty consistent. It is what it is
Service good , food value good !
Good drive through service
Prices have gone up too much.  Can not afford.
Cleanest and friendliest place I've been to!
Fast and friendly.  Your average McDonald's.
Food not hot sloppy sandwich.
Customer service pm is awful, on morning  regularly personnel is better
Probably the worst McDonald's I've ever been in.
It was clean and not crowded.
They fixed all the mistakes and were good...
Ice cream machine broken on the 4th of july.
Yuck!
I love the $ 1:00 chicken sandwich.
I Love it ½
Great service thank you
Always a fast good meal
At least they got my order right.
Nice people, but made us feel sick.
The staff are always friendly.
They got rid of the Hi-C orange drink..  ½ï¿½ï¿½ï
Store has been there for decades.
Great food .... friendly staff
Gotta love mickey ds
Love it yall r the besttt!!!!!
Dirty tables no lids for the cups
Great food, good service!!!
Hot fries no complaints
Slowest McDonalds in the world and cold french fries
Very clean. Staff was nice.
Very good time with my grandson  !
Fast service with no mistakes!
ýýýýýýýý Their food is terrible and unhealthy. ýýý
Nice offerings and great attitudes.
Not the best place to go your  Older is never right
Friendly fast and efficient service
Love their customer service
Wow very organized and clean 
Always good service
This location rocks! Always
They are not 24 hours
My favorite place to go for a quick meal
No self-served-automated order takers
No Greeting, no smiles, poor customer service.
Wonderful staff. Very friendly.
Nice people working here
Food was cold staff unprofessional
Excellent customer service.
Clean, great customer service
Drive thru was perfect!
Frozen treats are always the greatest
Slowest mcdonalds
It's a Mickey D's. You know already.
Atmosphere is pleasant,people is great.
Friendly staff and quick service
Great breakfast and clean facilities
CLEAN...CUSTOMER SERVICE WAS GOOD.
Super friendly
The people was kind and polite
Found an actual worm inside my cheese burger
Service is very slow.
Hot fast food. Good service
Eh, fast food whaddya expect
ýýýý ýýý
Very good service and food
Fast curious and food fresh
Bring Angus back  all burgers beed
Very slow service today!!
Good food. Fast service.
I surprisingly liked the chicken strips
Fast and customer service was a1
Clean and cashier was polite.
Almost $4 for one small breakfast biscuit is outrageous!!!!!!!!!
Classic tasty I still enjoy
Slow service food is cold
Good quick service
Alex went above and beyond to assist
Fresh and hot food!
Fries are always perfect at this one!
Every 1 luvs Micki ds
They're good.
Fresh food good staff
Great customer service!!
Fast food, what's therw to say?
Long line at drive thru
Always great food
Well it was pretty cool actually
Server was on point. Great.
staff is always friendly.
Friendly staff, hot food
Good
Great service
Just a quick meal for home
Wrong food every time
Slow service and bad food.
Very good
Regular mc a dee'd.
It ½ï¿½ï¿
pretty decent place
Ive been waiting for a half hour
This McDonald's is consistently good.
Friendly and fast service
Good fast service.
It was all good  
The manager was great!
Typical fast food place
Wonderful customer service!!!
I love ice cafe
Good food
Very nice staff
Wonderful,  great service.
Best French fries!
Slow and food was cold
Pretty quick inside
Warm cookies and smiley faces
This is how a McDonald's should run!
Great miccy ds
The sandwich was delicious.
Trouble not ever again
Good food
Exelent. Fast service
Love McDonald's Fry's.
Very good
They suck
Fast food
Good food good service
Quick service
Hot food, fast service!
Worst customer service!
Fun times
Dirty and slow service
Great job
Nice place and clean
Good iced tea!
It's McDonald's food is good
Great  
Free wifi
Nice  hot fast food
This place sucks ..
Great place.
"Disappointing. McDonald   s is my standby for fast food. Normally I get consistent food with decent, sometimes amazing service. I know it   s not going to the gourmet but better than waiting at an untested restaurant for more expensive and worse food.

Shrink-flation at its best.  Half filled fries. Soda with no refills. Seriously? Especially now that a combo meal costs $9.

At first I thought it was because the restaurant was newer but after looking at these review"
For the size of the building and play facilities in this McDonald's it's the biggest and the best. If you're looking for customer service not a chance.  You're better off using the kiosks and have patience waiting for your order. I'll recommend this place for the experience only and works with your children.
This McDonald's was awesome, I've never been to a McDonald's where the service was so good and the food options were amazing      ½ï¿½ï¿½
Haven   t seen a nice McDonald ½ï¿½
Nice place for kids to grab quick fries! Close to Hilton Orlando. Just a walking distance if you need something. Next to them there ½
The manager at this store is absolutely outstanding . They just reintroduced the steak bagel and I said what can I change the bread to a McGriddle and she did that without a single question. I even went as far as to ask her if I have the round egg instead of the folded and she jumped right to it and that was fantastic. Try it sometime it's wonderful thank you very much and God bless.
I put in an order for in-store pickup but didn't realize that the dining room closed at 12. The store manager Emma and the rest of the staff were super accommodating and allowed us into the building and got us our food very quickly. Great customer service!
Visited the 'world's biggest McDonald's on international drive. Pizza and burger ordered were great, however, had to wait over an hour for food as it was so busy. Pizza also came first, (table delivery) and advised remainder of the order would be delivered shortly. Had to then ask again after around 15 minutes. Order was quickly brought but believe this would have been forgotten if we had not asked. Overall good was fine, but service poor due to being so busy!
It   s McDonald ½
We were inside a Walmart McDonald's. My granddaughter has food allergies to egg & dairy. So there are only a few things that she can have. We had ordered her a kids happy meal with apple slices but they gave us french fries instead. The beef frying oil has dairy in it so she can not have the french fries and they were all out of apple slices. Next we ordered apple juice. They were all out of apple juice as well. The girl employee that was trying to help us did not believe me that the french fries had dairy in it. A happy meal hamburger and apple slices is all she can have here. Was not happy with the service here. The food and service times are not the same as it used to be.
They would do a lot better if they didn't park every car in the drive thru. I know they do this just to make their drive thru time look better to the higher-ups, but it absolutely ridiculous . Simply process your orders faster and give customers their order. Every time I've been parked, I've ended up waiting 5-10 minutes! When I'm only ordering 1 or 2 combos, it makes it a little asinine.
Inside counter served all takeout orders before any dine in customers. Watching customers that ordered over 10mins after myself get theirs first. After getting the food the fries and Big Mac were both ever under cooked. This place shouldn't even be open
Ordered thru the app which was a quick and easy process. Mcflurry and shakes were broken and unavailable at the time of visit. Parked in curbside pickup as drive through line was long. Quickly and accurately received my order.
I visited this location 5/5 at 5:07 pm. The 2 young ladies (black and Hispanic) that was handling the food was very rude and rounding their eyes when I asked for fresh fires. When she handled me the fries with an attitude here you go. First and last time visiting this location. Smh customer service training needed asap
didnt give it 1 star because the food was good but around 4 days ago, i went at night through the drive thru and I gave my McDonald's app code to get the points, i ordered something that was 15 dollars in total and they charged me 31 dollars and the reason for this was that the guy that was taking care of the drive thru applied my McDonald's app code to another car order( my card is linked to the app ) and I ended up paying for their food, i know this because they guy asked my name and when I told him he said something to the manager and I said, yeah I think that car  is using my code , the guy just said " is your lucky day go to the next window "  It was late at night so I didn't give it much thought because I didn't know just by giving your code you can get charged  but next day I got surprised when my account got charged twice. Tried calling but they didn't solve my issue this is why I am leaving a review
The manager was rude, I waited for more than 40 minutes, understanding that they were busy.  but everyone who wanted to ask her was stressed.  The worst customer service, additionally, tells me that my refund will be from 5 to 10 days since after 45 minutes waiting.  It only said that there were many orders.
Friendly, fast service.  Kiosks made it easy to place your order.  The food was delicious and hot.  Very busy location, but hardly no wait. The dining area was nice and clean.
No cashiers/order takers; you must use their self-service kiosk which they have several of. You take a number sign to your table and staff will deliver your order to your table; however, this wasn't the case for us. The employee came from around the counter and yelled our number while she stood in the nearly empty lobby. We were seated less than 6 feet away from her and in her line-of-sight. We raised our hand and said, "that's us". She saw us, but made no attempt to deliver the food. I don't mind getting up and getting the food from her despite the kiosk saying it would be delivered to our table, but, I'm feeling a little like an unpaid employee at this point...we placed the order ourselves as well as served ourselves the food despite paying the same amount for the food that a full-service McDonald's charges. Several people in-store and in drive thru returned food due to being cold, old or not made correctly. This included us...at 1:00 in the afternoon the nuggets were cold, chewy and seemed old. I would think this wouldn't be the case given 1:00 p.m. is during the lunch rush. Fries were cold presumably because they were sitting on the tray well before the rest of the food was ready. Double cheeseburger was made correctly (no mustard or pickles), but bun was not warm/dry and cheese was cold/not melted. 4 managers were in the kitchen (button-up shirts with ties) along with 6 employees yet there was a lot of standing around doing nothing and operating with a shuffle-paced, leisurely-stroll walk. I worked at McDonald's and Burger King as a teenager and was always told, "If you got time to lean, you've got time to clean", and that was during slow/dead times, not lunch rush. I will say that the manager I returned my double cheeseburger and fries to (we ended up just eating our stale nuggets because we were told it was going to be 5-10 minutes for fresh ones) was nice and when I told her she could just microwave my burger she insisted on making a new one.
2 adults ww children breakfast meals. Had to go back to service counter 3 times no eggs in meal. Then again hole in cup hot water everywhere. Then tea bag had hole in so back to counter. Food was cold by time we all sat down to eat. No apologies were given!!!!!
horrific service. this is NOT the "world's largest McDonald's" as people are reviewing on here, this is the location on international Dr near the OCCC. ordering at the drive thru took almost 20 minutes (this did not include waiting for the food), the man speaking kept whispering and getting an attitude despite us saying we could not hear him, did not correctly take our order, would just not say anything for multiple minutes at a time. i have never in my life been to a McDonald's with worse service. avoid at all costs
Rude and unattentive staff.   They were not even busy and I asked can I order my food at the register basically was told you have to use the kiosk and she walked away from me.  Not offering any type of assistance or making you feel welcome in any way.  I turned around and walked out the door.
Went through the drive-thru and had a pre-order. They rushed us through, they were busy, then when we took a bite we found out that the Sandwiches were completely wrong. Not even worth going back for. It's happened multiple times at this location.
It was a clean and convenient location, but we were quite disappointed with the service and food we ordered.  We clearly specified using the McDonalds app that we wanted a quarter pounder no mustard, no pickles, no onions.  We received a fully loaded quarter pounder.  AND when the lady delivered our app order to our car, she intentionally stopped far enough so we had to reach backwards to get her food.  She made no effort to offer the food.  She made us get it where she was.  McDonalds needs to review procedures with the staff and seek to improve the customer experience there.
Always friendly staff. Fairly clean and food to order. Shout out to all workers and managers!
They have new self serve order kiosks but they are very difficult to navigate. They are not very intuitive at all. My order took three times as long to be brought out. Good idea on the kiosks but very poor execution. While I was waiting on my order they had to come and tell two different people that they were out of what they ordered (fish sandwich and something else). Store was newly renovated inside and out and looked very nice but I will not be back.
Rude staff.  Slow food delivery.  Kiosk may save the owner money but it is slow and convoluted.  Not sure why you take a number for table side service and then have to go to counter to pick it up.   Food quality is poor.
Atmosphere is cool and unique. Ordered pasta and cheesesteaks. The wait time was forever, service was definitely slow. But it was also Easter and spring break weekend. But what was odd was that we got our cheesesteaks and waited an extra 30 minutes for our fries and milkshakes. That was weird and frustrating.
Waited to long at drive thru, while other line was moving. App code for deal canceled out and I had to wait for the code to appear again. Crew not helpful at drive thru or inside.
Staff stole $250 out of a bag that my little sister had brought absolutely devastated never go here such cheeky and careless staff I am so angry do not go to this McDonald ½ï
5-30-19 - On the way back from all day at Universal Island of Adventures, so decided on a cheaper meal to end the night. Had dinner with family here. Busy night, but able to order our meals from the auto screens instead of counter, and pay. Cool, since in Georgia they haven't caught on at many yet. Ordered several meals and customized my Buttermilk Crispy Chicken sandwich meal to include bacon, pickles, and cheese, and a large fry. Service was great for me. They managed to work around us and keep things clean in the eating areas and bathrooms. Enjoyed the experience. Went back for dessert, but paid at the counter, and let them know we appreciated the service.
Do not order here,  the fries were only full and they didn't give me any of my sauces very dissatisfied. When I called at 2:30 am the lady who answered was so rude!!!!
How do you go to a McDonald   s that says 24 hours there 
If I could give 0 starts I would, been here several times and the service is trash! They never have anything! Didn   t have ranch sauce, or McFlurry, or any other hamburgers!! They only had nuggets and this is what I get with a white stuff in it! Don ½ï¿½
Being in the area this is a must see place. Had a great meal overall. It was busy but got almost all our food very quick but the pizza. Quite understandable that the pizza would take longer but the only thing is that by the time it arrived my fries were almost cold. No big deal but they should keep that in mind. Other than that the pizza was great and service was good. I   ve worked McDonald ½ï¿
"Very busy drive thru. Cars were lined up literally around the building from pick up windows all the way to the front on the restaurant facing International Drive. Informed at the window that they were out of food items we ordered, and asked if we can order something else.

However, even though we had a big order everything was in the bag. The food were also hot and fresh."
The kids wanted it ...the kids loved it they had nuggets and fries....it's McDonald's...the service at drive through is borderline passive aggressive  but you can't complain well it's like say your order and here's your meal...lol but it's McDonald's
Really nice McDonalds but the waiting is horrible, no one is taken the in house orders, only drive thru is being taken care of, I've been standing here for 27 minutes until I got to put in my order, not a word said to me about the wait, only 3 of the 8 desserts have labels. Right next to me a customer brought up a buttermilk crispy chicken that got everything on it except for the chicken. After receiving my order McDonald's employee I was telling waiting customers to use the touch screen, One customer said she didn't know how to use it so she was told by the McDonald's employee to continue to wait. I finally got my order after 39 minutes after coming in through the door.
Went through the drive-thru and ordered my food and when it got to the window only charged  for one meal and I had asked for two then had told me to pull over to the side and waited for a long time that forgotten about me. So I had to go back in and tell them about my order. And when I went back to let them know they  gave me look like I was bothering. I've never apologized ....poor management!!
"This morning 10/11/2022, went through the drive thru for my breakfast.  Two things medium Hot mocha plain and sausage mcmuffin. Paid and advanced to the next window.  Here is where things went wrong!
The blue shirt manager  ( last name begin with an A) on duty Had a serious attitude.  She did not acknowledge my order so she gave me the wrong order. She gave me a bag with a sandwich and hash brown and walk away as if that was my order. I sat there until she saw me and I told her I am waiting for my coffee . She said the there is no coffee on the order. I showed her the receipt and she walk on to the coffee and gave to me. Now I was going to let everything go until I heard her say these words after asking for napkin to wipe the chocolate OFF THE CUP.  Which is her job .
Her Words loud and clear
""FOR GOD SAKE""
I know I only spent a few dollars but IT don't justify getting attitude because this is your job.
I ask for a refund.."
Arrived at the McDonald's at 10:20PM, and the posted hours said the location was open until 12:00AM. An employee locked the door and barricaded it with a trash bin and didn't let us in until we mobile ordered, although another employee seemed confused by this. Another employee was also telling people that the lobby was closed (again, even though the hours stated that the location would be open until 12AM). Additionally, while this happened, there were at least a dozen people sitting down and eating, and there were empty tables.
I   ve never reviewed a fast food restaurant before because my expectations are never too high anyway. Father   s Day, drive thru at noon we were seriously in line for 25 mins. This one has two separate planes to order) The order taker was very slow coming to the speaker for all the vehicles, when paying we were barely acknowledged, but the worse was to come. When at the next window to get our food.. the person did not even look at me.. literally just handed a bag out the window, then handed the drink out the same way..partially angled down towards me. Better yet, check out the new crispy chicken deluxe.  
We visited this while on a vacation to Orlando with our team. What an experience. There's a lot of different food options including PIZZA! The place is amazing. If you are ever in or near the Orlando area it is absolutely worth the time to stop in and see this place. Unbelievable.
Great Mcdonalds! Really love the clean store, the big mac is delicious and so are the breakfast items and chicken nuggets. The convention is right here so there are a lot of tourists but they have a self serve kiosk that helps to speed up taking orders. Highly recommend this store if you're in the area. The service is nice and there are plenty of places to sit down to eat. Be careful leaving the parking lot though as international drive (the road) is pretty interesting at times. In conclusion, I rate this McDonald's 5/5 and I hope to be back soon to take out more food to do mukbangs.
Hours are inaccurate, they close the dining room before 11:00, not midnight as is posted on their doors. The tea also has the distinct taste of coffee, which makes it taste like burnt tea....gross......
Didn   t know you could barricade customers out with trash cans one and a half hours before closi
Right place at the right time. It was a wonderful drive thru experience & right choice given those inside. Very busy in Orlando but food was fresh & exactly what I needed going back to Tampa!
Fast and friendly service. The food was hot and we ordered through the app which saved time. Customer service was amazing!
Tried ordering at the drive thru but the manager that was helping the drive thru operator apparently is unaware of the current bogo $1 promotion.. told me I had to order 2 to get the promotion (?) so had to go inside and order thru the totens to be able to place my order including the promotion. Besides that, all clean, food was good and service inside was outstanding.
Please hire employees that actually want to work and like their job and smile this girl that just took my order with extremely long red Nails was very unpleasant. Do you follow a dress code in this establishment? Also this must be the saddest sundae i have ever received, half the Carmel was outside the cup!  Maybe that ½ï
My kids are big on McDonald   s and I thought it would be fun for them. Big mistake! Place is a dump and a joke. The food was cold and the facility is filthy. The drink area had no ice in 6 dispensers. No ketchup. The play area was frightenin
The worst McD I   ve ever been to! Waited 30 minutes for our food. They were just overrun with peo
I ordered my food for pick up, and when I walked into the restaurant, it was cluttered with guests meandering about, which I understood the behavior after MY 45 minute wait, that was AFTER I waited 8 minutes to even be acknowledged by an employee. So frustrating, staffing seemed adequate, just a lack of experience in prioritizing from the young manager.
Most interesting McDonald   s that I   ve ever been. It features a fish tank, an arcade and serves pizza and pastas. Great place to visit as it is very unusual and interesting. However do avoid going there past 10:30pm as it go
Rude associates, dirty restaurant, I wouldn't bring my dog here to eat, let alone anyone else. Slow, unfriendly and incompetent would sum this place up.  Someone should hang a skunk outside this restaurant because it stinks!
Horrible! I ordered the same meal I always order when I go to McD's. Fish fillet & Fries. There was nothing fillet about my fish, it was dry & stale and so was the fries. So disappointed.
Good food good service and delivered quickly, I must admit I am a fan of the milkshakes and apple pie
I am a client, I am a tourist, and how is it possible that it is closed and people have to be ordering by walking where the cars go, they expose their clients, an accident can happen, how do I do if I don't have a car like those people did?  How dangerous and disrespectful for customers, I've been coming for 3 days and it's the same it's 7 at night and it's closed but it says it's 24 hours
"Dine In is NOT available. I went with family but we had to sit outside. This is the case observed in the evening in majority of outlets. Placed pickup order and manager stepped out and addressed orders one by one.
Burgers are served with ONLY bread and patty and NO vegetables."
Customer service needs some serious work. "MOBILE APP?" was the first words out the the drive thru cashier's mouth... not even a "Welcome to McDonald's"? And the Egg McMuffin bread was hard. Not a good experience.
"Good place to go after some drinks !
Food fresh .
Food hot .
100% recommend.
Thank you McDonald ½ï¿"
They close whenever they feel like it. Employees are there, they just ain't give you food.
The food was served fast but the time in the drive thru was very long. It is clean and friendly staff.
I ordered a strawberry smoothie, they gave me a mango smoothie instead, I told them I ordered a strawberry smoothie, their crew is very upset. Than she brought me a strawberry smoothie, and told me this is the size for smoothie.
It doesn't work, she's the one in charge and she treats you badly, she insults you and is rude, please educate your staff to be nice ½ï¿½ï¿½ï
Cool place to visit. Workers were very rude and got multiple orders wrong while we were there.
Quick pop through the drive-thru for a cold drink after visiting Fun Spot. Frozen coke products are amazing and so was the cinnamon roll!
When you're hungry, almost anything tastes good. Thankfully, their food was fully cooked, unlike other locations.
Waited in the drive through, no one said they don't get new orders. Had to step inside to figure it out.
Food came out really fast and on point. Games were very affordable $5 for 30 min of play. Will definitely come back. Kids 6 and 9 loved the experience!
This is the world's biggest McDonald's and has several options not available anywhere else, like oven bake pizza and pasta. Also, the dessert section has gelato and cakes
Dining room is supposed to be open until midnight.  I showed up at 10:55  and the doors were locked. The employees just ignored us
Dream,this place was amazing,I mean the food was expensive but really good and the arcade had amazing games but unfortunately the prize room was closed cuz of COVID but this was a good experience
"Friendliest service I have ever experienced. The Coffee tastes great.

Could even use their phone for a car rental call since my car broke down.
Also it is very clean, during my waiting time of 4 hours they cleaned the tables several times.

I fully recommend to visit this place."
Food was terrible and so much missing. Service even worse !! Like eating at Karen's restaurant in UK ! AVOID AT ALL COSTS !!
Went to this location around 3am and placed an order through the app. Waited in the drive thru for 20+ minutes with other cars to then be told they are closed only. The manager refused to refund my order and also refused to give me her name. The manager that works there during the night should not be in management and lacks customer service skills along with the other 3 employees that refused to acknowledge us at the drive thru window. This location needs training from corporate and should not have the open 24 hours a day signs on their windows. Very disappointed in my experience at this McDonald's.
Quick and easy using the order yourself tower. Fish ole sandwich was delicious. Thank you.
Typical mcdonalds I guess. The fries we tossed they were still frozen we watched them dump them in than scoop and fry them kinda gross. Should of been tossed out entirely
The biggest Macdonald I ever saw! They are selling pizza as well
No chocolate shakes available?!  This location should have good stocks of everything!
Chris working the first window at the drive thru tonight 11/07 is PHENOMENAL. I frequent the drive-through at this location, and this is the first time I   ve received actual customer service. If the restaurant I managed wasn 
The worst experience. 47 minutes for our food after complaining. People ahead of us are still there waiting. DO NOT GO
It's McDonald's you know what you're going to get before you get there. This one is all kiosks.
Nice stop after Disney World. I did like it better before they remodeled...
It was very loud and crowded with kids goofing off and yelling. Totally bad. Can't even eat inside around the after school time....
The international drive McDonalds looks great but the play place was closed - this was the reason for bringing my kids - so this was a HUGE let down; it was 7pm on a Sunday night when we went in the middle of a tourist city! Too bad ï¿½
It is a very nice place and the service is great, the taste of the food is different from other McDonald's in my opinion.
These people have 2 drive truths but only takes orders from one stood here 15 min got skip 3 times and then was told to have patience
This location offers pizza, pasta, and more. It has an arcade on the 2nd floor that acts as the play area. This McDonald's is the largest McDonald's and is close to both amusement parks. Therefore, it will always be a go-to stop for me on vacation. The pizza at McDonald's is freshly baked to perfection by a McPit Master
The worst I know it's fast food but corp needs to straighten this place out bad service bad attitudes for being so tourist friendly area this was the least friendly
They messed my order up 2 times. They remade my sandwich and the chicken was still raw. They have nasty attitudes. You have to use the kiosk to place your order. There is no more service with a smile. An update I now have food poisoning form the raw/ undercooked chicken I was served yesterday. Don't eat here, I will never come back here ever again. My reviews have been see by over 100,500 people.
Everything was great!  Food was good and fresh.  Place was clean.  All the employees were very nice to us and attentive.  Especially Patrick on the second floor, he was amazing.  Kept everything clean the whole time, ask us how we were a few time and was very kind and polite the whole time, and takes very seriously his duties.  Me and my kids enjoy our time a lot.
Little more expensive than your average McDonalds but I suppose that is to be expected due to the location. One nice benefit is that they do accept the coupons in the McDonald's app.
This place was amazing!  Had fish tanks, it made pasta!  It was so quick, everyone was very friendly.  It had a whole upper level for kids to play, and was ao clean!!!
Disappointing for the largest McDonald's. Most menu's items were unavailable when we came in. Service is subpar. Kids had fun in hame rooms.
This place really should be shut down. If they can't deliver in customer service just close.  I ordered with them and waited for 45 minutes.  I asked them after 10 minutes about my order and they said it's coming up.  After 20 minutes I ask again about my order and the supervisor tells me "one at a time, I can't skip your order in front of other people".  She then proceeds to continue skipping my order to serve other people.  At 45 minutes I asked again and she finds my order on a table and says to her coworker they never made it.   Nobody gave an apology or acknowledged they were in the wrong.  If you can't run a restaurant correctly then please just shut down.  There are countless pictures on their reviews of cars piling up and terrible customer service.
Average mcdonalds. They get the order right 9 out of 10 times, which is a good success rate in my experience.
Who doesn   t love a Mcdonald   s had a late breakfast ie a big mac and massive coffee ou
We were looking for a certain happy meal toy to complete our collection and Emma was nice enough to help us and even search for it! It really made our night and she was awesome! Update: this is the 9814 International Dr location
The guy that works the window taking orders is hilarious and nice. I think his name is Sidel. He is an amazing person and made our night in the short encounters we had.
Fairy fast service considering how busy this location was. Could have been a little cleaner. Food was good, but unfortunately certain items that are only available their menu were not available when we went. Large inside playground and has a arcade.
Hello everyone.  First, I have to say that I have not been to McDonald's in forever!! With that being said,  I went through the drive thru because I didn't want to get out.  The young man who took my order was kind,  that was the first window.  2nd window,  a whole other story.  Drive up, and right off the bat, this young lady looks mad that she is even working.  You know,  at least fake that you are Blessed to even have a job.  I was scared to ask her for a cup holder, but I did any way,  lol.  I had the BigMac Meal and remember like I said I had not been in forever.... I DEVOURED THAT BIG MAC, it Was fresh, and so were the fries. I also had a Fish sandwich.  So yes I recommend.
Excellent customer service, fresh food and juice. Recommend!
They took 17 minutes for my McChicken which feels like it wouldn't take that long, and then they forgot my lettuce on it and the fries were cold, I'm wanting to bet that if I went again it would be better, but with most options out of stock I can't recommend going
To hell with this McDonald   s. They closed their lobby 10
I mean it's McDonald's not a five star restaurant so a generous 3 is what I'm giving.
We went drive through this location and had a good experience.
Worst McDonalds ever.  No personal service or friendly service.   Stay away and have a good day somewhere else.
These employees don   t know how to prepare Mobile Orders. You build your order on the phone and pay for everything you added, then the employees give you the wrong thing. I ordered an iced latte with caramel drizzle and whipped cream, I received a regular iced coffee with nothing that I paid extra for. This had happened 3 or 4 times now.
Could only order from kiosk. Wanted some extras but serving staff struggled with English
"Rude amateur counter staff, asked cleaner a question just pointed me to the front counter without saying a word! more expensive (tourist area)
Overall nice building thats about it.... food arrived to table cold!
Just like being in a Circus....full of clowns"
Great experience! The food was great but the real experience was the customer service. Destiny was super helpful and even overheard us talking about asking for extra syrup for the pancakes and went and got it for us without us even having to ask. Customer service sometimes seems like a thing of the past but not at this McDonald's. Also, when I spoke to the manager about the great experience he was very nice as well. Great McDonald's! All McDonald's should be modeled after this one. Thank you guys!!!
Negative review.  One of the busiest locations in Orlando and absolutely no customer service! Everywhere else you can dine in except in McDonalds CRAZY!!!
Did an order on the mobile app. Ordered two sweet teas when got to drive thru they told me they had no sweet tea. Had to cancel and place new order for cokes. Drive thru took 45 minutes. Slowest I have ever seen.
This review is about the staff at this location. I visited this McDonalds 09/24 around 6:30pm to pick it up my food. My wife did another mobile order and I just arrived and tried to explain to the manager (I think she was) I have another order that was not on the screen. She was rude and answer    one order at the time    of course the first order arrived and I was still standing waiting for the other one more than 15 min. Another friendly Girl (Danisha I thinks was her name tried to help me out) and the manager stopped her and sent to carry other stuff in the back. She was in charge for drive thru and one Spanish customer was making an order. Danisha asked her to help and she said I can   t. I was shocked about this
We went in to order and sat down to eat because we had eaten in other restaurants on idrive. We were told that we could not eat there, but way we were told was very rude.
Food is terrible but the workers are very polite.
The manager who i believes named chandler and one of the chashiers named Que where both amazing and made this experience unforgettable. If you   re looking for a 24 hour place to eat you found it! The food was great, quick 
"Hawaiian Court location -
Staffing issues really not helping this location live up to the ""Fast Food"" label.
From order to recieving the food, it took 42mins, and even then the order came out wrong.
There was one manager, one fry cook and one burger cook, trying to complete a dinner time rush, yet there were 3 cleaning staff going round cleaning 1 table every 20mins or so.
This team could really do with some logistical training on how to get orders out efficiently and on time, because this really was a poor attempt at ""fast food""."
I was charged for medium drinks with my kids' happy meals. The drinks weren't even what they wanted. The fries weren't hot or fresh. I ordered a coke with another meal, got a sweet tea.
Food hot and good. Excellent service.
Love the new ordering system. From using the easy to use order point to our food arriving it was less than 5 minutes. Only with we could get mcgriddles in the UK!
Brittany (The "Manager") was completely rude and wanted to call the cops just because I ordered a cup of coffee and their whole system was down.
Waited 25 mins. Wasn't busy. Half food was cold. The deluxe quarter pounder only had lettuce and mayo added. No sauces for 26 chicken nuggets. Guy who brought the food really didn't wanna talk or answer the question because he all but ran to the back. Again drive thru wasn't busy and instead had maybe 3 families and 3 singles. And the single people had their food already.
Celebrating my daughter   s 10th birthday by nearby hotel. Lunch was perfect with the game room/pla
"RUN AWAY FROM THIS PLACE! We just went through the drive through and the teen girl sounded like she was depressed and going to jump.

We ordered 2 doubles, 2 chicken, 1 large fries and 2 large drinks. Everything, every-thing tasted hard like cardboard. The fries were extremely hot and hard and crunchy like stones. Both the chicken and doubles had no - no - no flavor at all and was dry as sawdust and cardboard. For the sodas one was a diet coke and other was a reg coke, both were large size which they did not get right the first time. Both sodas tasted like they were full of cinnamon flavor.

The food was over dry and tasteless. The staff at this location needs to learn how to throw away yesterday's old food..if not last weeks old junk..

It's almost a guarantee your food will taste horrible And your money wasted.. save yourself time and go somewhere else you will be glad you did!"
Horrible Service Lazy Workers Took Forever to make my order ans there liars
Our little one was having a pretty rough morning and Ms. Maria stepped in and went above and beyond to try to make her happy. Margot ended up smiling and dancing and even ended up passing out a few high fives! Ms. Maria made all of our days better. Thank you for bringing a smile to our faces. The location service was prompt, our order from the kiosk was accurate, and the food was well prepared. Clean location and restrooms at 10:00am on a Thursday.
"Disappointing. The pictures of the food is inaccurate. Meals showing you get hashbrowns show no hashbrowns when you begin the order. Hashbrowns themselves ordered separately show two but you get one.

Deal on a large iced coffee was very good though. Also some of the staff especially this nice elderly lady was pleasant."
Terrible service. Cashier had a bad attitude and was very disrespectful. Refused to give her name. Found out it is Brittany. Female manager seemed clueless amd not helpful whatsoever. After over an hour from the time we entered the drive thru til we got our food, it was still made wrong. We've submitted the issue to corporate requesting contact. No response. Obviously they do not care about their customers.
"Terrible customer service, the lady at the drive-thru was handing me someone else order after me telling her my order is an online order she then got mad and left the window then the second young lady told me to go to the third window without telling me that they just received my order and is in the process of making it. I called the store and the manager was nasty after I was just telling him that Communication would have been nice and yelling at me telling me I don   t need to tell him that and I asked for corporate number and the lady said they don   t have it and I asked for her name and she walked away quickly from me rude everyone here is rude and disrespectful and no communication with there customers.

I would recommend going to a different location that   s mo"
Usually ate breakfast here while in town for a conference.  Be prepared to order from a screen.  But the good news is that there are plenty of screens   
Had a pleasant trip here with my 5 year old. On vacation from Indiana and compared to any McDonald's there this is like a fine dining restaurant lol clean, food was fresh, tomatoes where not mushy which brings me to believe they actually don't freeze there's like back at home. Had two managers walking around the restaurant actually working instead of being in the backroom 'doing paperwork' five stars definitely will be returning before we go back home.
MacDonalds use to be a fast and friendly palace to order food what a disappointing restaurant with service and attitude!
I don   t understand why all the time that I come to eat in here, is always a problem. All the employees doing nothing, the restaurante , is always slow at night, its empty and they take ho
"My family and I stopped in here for a quick breakfast on our way home from a mini vacation.

I ordered the oatmeal and a hash brown.

An employee Nlnamed TJ brought our food to our table. I noticed I didn't have the apple chunks and raisins that come with the oatmeal. I let her know she went back and brought me what I needed.

I then noticed the hash brown I ordered wasn't on the tray either.
I let her know and she apologized, then comes back with not one but 2 hash browns, which oddly enough my young child decided after we got our food that she did want a hashbrown now. She comped a free hashbrown.
She was such a pleasant person to deal with.  Her customer service and customer care abilities are 20/10

I over heard he saying to another customer that this location isn't her usual location and she is a General Manager.

She took care of evryone around us, with an amazing attitude and a smile on her face, which is a rare occasion.

I hope she gets the recognition she deserves, and a promotion or raise. She turned a typically frustrating situation and made it a pleasant one. It's funny to think that I we left happy even though our order was messed up."
Only giving one star because zero stars isn't an option. Wanted to pay cash at register and was told to use kiosk. Kiosk never gave an option for cash pay. Employees wandering the store on their phones and ignoring customers. When asked for napkins an employee went thru two other employees instead of just handing customer napkins. No organization at all and rude as can be. Gave me diet soda, when I asked for regular they rolled their eyes. I understand it's busy but this place could be handled better. Go anywhere but here.
Love their new chicken tenders, it's about time McD's start picking up their game!
"We stopped on the way home for a late night snack and drinks for our ride home.
Food as expected, friendly service, outside looked clean."
Twice they've forgotten loads of my order on uber eats! No refunds. Nothing. Absolutely a joke
When you go on slow Thursday night, order yourself a nice Double Quater pounder with  cheese to go after a long days work. Only to see you get a single quater pounder, No cheese, and i guess they decided to throw in some lettuce on there? No sauce like 5 pickles....  Too tired to go get a refund :c
Granted we at a busy time of the evening (SeaWorld was getting ready to close), but the lobby to thus McDonald's was locked even though all the signs clearly indicated they were supposed to be open for lobby hours. The drive-thru was open, but it was exceedingly slow. The service was poor, and the products we ordered were sub-par (even for McDonald's standards, which is saying something). We ended up just throwing some of it away. I typically do not leave negative reviews. I am hoping that they were just short-staffed the night we went.
Although conveniently located to several hotels, the hour wait to get my order shows incapability to handle the extra patronage. They are not adequately staffed to handle the extra flow of being centrally located. Even when we were at the window, it seems they were still scrambling to put our order together. Once back the hotel, we discovered that one of our orders was wrong! They placed bacon on one of the fish sandwiches!
"My friends and family were denied service at this location because we prefer to place our order with a human rather than a kiosk.  1st by an employee then by the manager! VERY  RUDE!
10.9.22 11:20 am."
@McDonald's corporate you need to investigate this location immediately. The customer service is highly lacking and I'm positive the management of that location is damaging your brand. Not only is service extremely slow but the drive through service provider and the manager is horrible. We literally witnessed people driving away from the intercom after waiting and waiting with no response. We drove up to the intercom and waited and waited. Zero response. We spoke multiple times. No reaponse. No one greeted us. No one asked us to wait. Nothing. Radio silence. Then we dro e up to window only to face a combative manager with a chip on his shoulder. Needless to say we drove away without making an order. It was an experience that definitely does not live up to the world renowned brand standards of McDonald's.
We had a great dat at SeaWorld with the gkids and decided to swing by and get ice cream for them on the way home.  Well we get there and there is a line out the door because only one of the 6+/- kiosks are open.  We wait in line for 30min and as my wife gets to order they shut it down to only drive thru.   Absolutely horrible customer service and the lack of care from the manager was disgusting and extremely disappointing!  Never would I say this company is a favorite of mine, but now, I never plan to visit again!!!!!
This is easily the worst McDonalds experience I've had. Waiting an hour for fast food in what can only be described as a dirty, chaotic nightmare. Staff are totally disorganised and management seems non-existent. Only getting 2 stars because when we eventually forced them to cook our food as we waited blocking the counter, it was piping hot and pretty delicious.
Waited in drive-thru for 30 mins, finally got up to order & nothing. We kept asking if anyone is there. Kid finally comes on that they had to reboot the system & could be another 15 mins at least. We told him he needs to tell people as there is a line around the building. Truly horrible service.
Terrible !!!!! I never write reviews, but couldn   t complete my day consciously without expressing my frustration. It   s one thing to be busy and dealing with the public, I know it   s challenging. To be rude , for absolutely no reason , when simply asking a question such as  ½ï¿½ï
They have several self check out kiosks
We only went through the drive through.
I ordered breakfast at 8:34 January 16, 2022 (order# 1386 order 86). We could have ate breakfast at the resort we are staying at but my family elected for McDonald   s instead. Not only did I have to wait an extended period (three to five minutes) at the order board but we had a large order. When I got up to window number one the girl working the window was rude, did not want to allow me to review my large order with her, spoke extremely fast and unprofessional then rushed me to the next window without even paying. Once I drove to the next window I was handed my food (still hadn   t paid) tried reviewing the order again and the woman didn   t listen or pay me any attention. I sat patiently and she rushed back to the window to collect payment AFTER everything was given to me. Our re under cooked (mushy) but the rest of or breakfast was good. I would relay to your staff that the overall experience drives a customer back not just the food. Wendy   s filled the remainder of our order efficie
We walked over from the hotel that was in the same lot. The door sign said the dining room was open to 3am. We got in the dinning room at about 10:30 when other costumers who were already inside walked out. We were asked to leave as the dining room was  ½
It's not actually a 24-hour store. They're open but if you go at night around 3:00 a.m. and 4:00 a.m. it's going to be closed I think they switch for a dinner to breakfast but it's unfair for people who work third shift like myself. I can almost never get McDonald's. It's funny cuz they also barricade all the doors and drive throughs.
Stop to get b fast, they must have been in a rush cause when I went to eat my sandwich,  the sandwich looked like it was dropped several times...
Closed restaurant even though it 
Worst most disrespectful group on of individuals I have ever met in my entire adult life. This includes the manager who was working at 11:00am Sunday 4-15-22 who decided she couldn   t be bothered t
I walked in the door with my son in-law to order inside because it said dining room open till 3am.  It was 1am 3-22-2022.  We went to every kiosk none working.  We walked up to register.  A woman back towards the back yelled out that they were closed.   Well we walked out got in our van pulled up to drive through.    Nobody responded.  We turned off engine a waited a bit.  Nobody.  We left and visited Wendy's drive thru.
25-30 min wait for food and order wasn't even correct. Other people told me they'd waited an hour. Also some of the most unhappy theme-park-bound families you're ever going to see in this place. Overall a disaster, consider starving instead.
The employees were very nice!
Literally waited 20 minutes. The sign says to "place tent on table and relax. Your delicious food is on its way" but it wasn't even delivered to us.
rude customers, half the kiosk malfunction and staff is not trained to help if it malfunctions, Managers are so busy solving issues with equipment they cant manage the staff. High turnover, homeless people camping out inside. Overall way to crowded and overpriced travel the extra mile and go to the next McDonald.
With the size of the big breakfast that would starve a child. Maybe you should start calling it baby breakfast. If you don't get cakes with it then you have over half a tray of just a bite of eggs two small strips of bacon and a dry/hard biscuit. I think a total of six bites and two minutes with phone in hand while eating and it was gone. There goes almost ten bucks.
"Zero starts!
All tables were unattended. They were all dirty. Food took a while. Manager was yelling at staff to hurry up with food. I stood for a few minutes ready to place my order. I was the next client. No one. I mean. Not a soul greeted me, acknowledge my presence or anything. Not even an exchange of words when I got my food (which I had to order online from inside the restaurant because no one was there to help me). Not a you're welcome when I said thanks. Nothing!!! I would not come here again."
Absolutely horrible place. After waiting 40 minutes we had to ask how much longer. The first lady looked at the orders then ignored me. The manager finally came and couldn't even find my order. The workers were just yelling over each other and at costumers. Never got all our food and was upset with this place we just had to leave. Will never go back and we frequently are in Orlando.
Good service, tucked away
Dinning room was closed at 11 PM. Hours on the door say 5 AM to 3 AM. There were many employees inside, but they only served drive-thru and refused to open dinning room.
What an awful place. Unless I am desperate I will never return here.
"I placed an order through the 'improved' kiosk system and over 15 minutes later had to inquire about it. Turns out the order had been completed but staff were 'busy with other dutys'; so it just sat there. So much for customer service. However, the shift leader did apologize. Honestly, I'd rather have hot food. And once in my vehicle, I discovered the order was not even correct. Failure level = complete.
My first time in a McDonald's in almost 10 years. Now I remember why. Given the choice, I have no need to return to McDonald's; ever."
"Well, i have never ever been eye rolled on a drive through before, but i guess there's always a first time for everything, we order shakes the (lady) gave us spoons and we asked for straws she got offended by this and eye rolled us.
Training
Training
Training please to these people on dealing with customers."
Worst service ever waited at the counter 20 mins manager said be would be right there currently still waiting while review like dam can I get my Mcflurry. Manager seen in photo  ½ï¿½
All our burgers were not cooked!!!
45 mins on a Thursday night.  Nothing makes sense anymore with everything being terrible and no sense of urgency in any aspect of this place.  Fire the whole crew from the manager on down and start over.
I really don't want to be "that guy" and I typically do not leave bad reviews. But this experience this morning was absolutely HORRIBLE! I waited 24 min for apple pies that I know for a fact do not take that long to cook. Restaurant looked to be short staffed which I understand and there was an employee there that was fairly new it seemed which was also fine. My issue came with the TWO managers that were "taking care of the guests". Zero communication to anyone about what the wait was about. I deduced that I was waiting for pies because I heard the crew talking about it. These 2 managers were more concerned about what they were doing later and how one typically doesn't work weekends. Did not Apologize or attempt to communicate anything to any guests. The worse part is as the food finally came up they tossed my bag to me and walked away. I hop that this is not typically how business is done there but my goodness...
worst service i ½ï
"Typical service. But its mcdonalds so dont expect too much. Intercom person was rushing but got upset when we asked to repeat our order. We were just making sure it was placed right.

Fries were good as always. Went before 1 so the lunch rush was over. My big mac patties were dark instead of brown. Couldnt eat it. But lets hope your experience is better."
Massively understaffed. 25+ min wait for food. Also got the order wrong. Corporate needs to sack up and pay their people more because the world is on fire, inflation is rampant, and end times are near. Also every fat, miserable, Disney-going family you'd never want to run into frequents this place. Avoid at all costs
Honestly has to be the most useless people in this place ordered twice via Uber eats and both orders was wrong so tonight   s orders here goes missing 2 fries and a Big Mac come on how stupid can these people be if I was the boss I would send them all home I will be emailing McDonald 
Visiting from out of town. I was very impressed with the manager Stephanie. She really stood out to me today because she was working very hard and every customer that came her way she made sure she assisted them with out rushing them even though they were very busy. She also took the time to pick up in lobby to keep the inside looking good. Thanks for that experience today Step!
They will NOT TAKE YOUR ORDER inside UNLESS you use their self serve kiosk. I shouldnt have to say I cannot see the screen for someone to take an order. Why have the front counter if its self checkout at ALL times. It is not busy. I just left and went to get food from someone else. Why is that the only way to order. I work and live near here but will definitely not be back nor my coworkers.
Always call here after visiting Seaworld. It's half the price of the food in Seaworld. We order on the App before we leave, and it is brought to our vehicle 5 minutes after we arrive, nice and hot. My orders have been 100% accurate since using the App vs the drive through.
Extremely unreliable. Not enough staff to run the store. Sometimes no drive thru, sometimes OBLY drive thru. This is stupid considering there   s more people
For me to give them a start is too much I went. several time there and the foot is awful, the chicken nugget.the cold and old and I asked the lady the next time I went around if she can please make sure that the nuggets are fresh. She reply fresh you want them fresh. And I replied please. Do I pay at the window pick up my order the one I drove away. I grabbed one of the nuggets and that look and feel like they were sitting since the next day I have to throw my food away never again. 
Ordered using their self serve machines. Sat at the table as per the instructions on the machine. Waited 15 minutes. No food. Politely asked the manager behind the counter and they had missed our order and thought it had been prepared. No apology just a rude manager telling us to sit down and it will be be brought to us
Easily the worst fast food experience. My girlfriend and I were feeling sick from needing to eat something and stopped here. Location is 24hr but the doors were locked to stop ppl coming in. A customer let us in and we were greeted to customers demanding refunds, ridiculous wait times, and them being out of many items. Staff is very rude and condescending, and the place is very poorly managed.
This is my first time coming here and they made our order perfect then we ordered a waffle and we waited 1 hour for the waffle and the worker had the audacity to say do still want to wait for the waffle or a refund I said a refund and I was mad while walking out I don 
Every vehicle that ordered was told to move into a parking space to wait for their food. Why not just allow everyone to wait at the window if service is so slow. The other thing that set me off is they had a lady in her late 70's bring the food out. She did so with a loving warm smile but I only hope they take care of her when the younger fit employees clock in. No offense she was a sweet heart just worried.
"Breana on the amusements kiosk has made our evening, giving her time to explain loading the amusement cards up, really kind and helpful and nothing was rushed or too much trouble, my children (5&2) really loved her and all the way home said how nice she was.

We've had bad experiences in this mcdonalds (long waits for happy meals etc) but i think she easily changed those for us today.
I hope she gets recognised for how good she's been."
Dirty store, waited 45 minutes for our food and never received it. We left. I would like my $30 back. No origination, worst McDonald's I've ever been to.
Do not eat here, save yourself, time and money. I ordered here 5 times in a month and every time it was wrong. you would think I would learn. I tried to make it easy on them and ordered my burgers plain. Thinking the less work the better. Nope some how plain means ketchup only. Another time they put tartar sauce on my cheese burger. The managers tell you if you have a problem to just call the McD's number to complain. I am local so I have choices to eat at other places. You know what Wendy's is sounding a lot better these days. It's not even a short staff problem, its a I don't care problem. I must be a slow learner but trust me this McD ruined it for all others. losing my $45 order each trip wont hurt then in the short term. But over a long time it will and will make sure I let others know to for go McD and go somewhere else. STAY AWAY!
This McDonalds is nice, but when a conference is happening, you can easily wait 25-30 minutes for a standard cheeseburger (as I did). Overall, not terribly impressed.
This place is amazing, clean place, nice employees and they have updated there technology. I 
24/7 ? It   s 2am and there ½ï¿½ï¿½ï
Never get what you order...
No bacon and the food is cold , fries old
Ordered meals fries where not full. Had to ask for small fry we ordered. No straws in the bag. But other then that food was good.
So rude i asked a question i couldnt find the answer to online and the girl asked me if i knew what google was before hanging up on me. Kept hanging up on me and everytime i called back there was a new girl claiming to be the manager, and they are all disgustingly rude. Im actually shocked by how they treat other humans like this. I came in earlier at 8:30 and the guys working there were very nice, but calling at 11:30 pm i was not treated even decently by all the girls in there. The people here act like you   ve killed there family members or something. Learn to act like a normal human being or go back to your moms basement and get out of customer service you disgusting humans. My cousin also left a 
The place immaculate, place your order at the kiosk, pick up a number and it was brought to your table. The attendant was very helpful and friendly.
Chicken nuggets were ice cold and disgusting the French fries it was like they poured 1/2 bucket of salt on them. This is not the first time I've encountered cold overly salted food
Wow, it ½ï¿
Waited ages for food, cold when arrived at table and items missing.  Stood in a queue full of people complaining to get food sorted by which time the rest of our order was stone cold. Staff not very pleasant and looked like they didnt care at all.  Not a good experience and wont be back!
The staff could have been a little more attentive to people when they have questions. Instead they were all standing there talking not acknowledging people if they had a question including me. I had a question about the new disney 50th toys, whether I could buy them individually or only in the happy meal and she was like annoyed that I asked. One gentleman wanted to order at the counter and they just yelled from behind the counters you have to place your order at the kiosk, so he walked away. He wanted to pay cash and didn't know how to do it on the kiosk, but they didn't want to be bothered. I understand times are tough right now, I work in food service as well, but there is no need to snap and be rude to someone with a simple question.
Very bad service, I have ordered and want to pay cash, the atender won   t come to get the payment, she says
Ignored me at the counter then told me i had to order at the kiosk when i asked, then walked away. I have tried in the past, but my special order,  can not be accomplished on the kiosk, even the workers had me go to the main counter. So i did to not get what i wanted this time. Bad service. Plus, during covid not everyone shouldn't be using the same touch screen, i didn't feel safe.
Too crowded inside and in the drive-thru. Did not get a chance to eat there. Looks nice though.
We ordered custom burgers (no pickle), (ketchup,onions, add lettuce.) After we paid, waited five minutes to get our food. It was cold. Wanted to add a hot fudge sundae. Was told they didn   t hav
Some of the negative reviews I'm seeing might be for other I-Drive locations. This one on the south end located near Sea World is always pretty good. It's a well run establishment and seems a little more upscale than the others in the area. Service is friendly although a bit on the slow side on my most recent visit but the Drive Thru was packed as this was on a Saturday night during a busy time of season in Orlando.
Updated review 2022: This really is a great McDonald's. Maybe if you don't appreciate it, you haven't been around. The grounds are clean, I saw the manager (Chris) picking up trash around the store. They wear nice uniforms and there was an employee cleaning tables as soon as they were vacant. A very nice lady on morning shift was bringing orders TO THE TABLE ya'll. It was much busier at night so a longer wait but considering there are dozens of hotels nearby, I think service is pretty fast. (2019 Review) I went here three times during my stay in the area and the food was always hot, place clean and staff prompt and courteous. Got a fabulous greeting Memorial Day morning.
Dining closed early with no updates online. 48 minutes in the drive through at the end they dont have what we want f off . So bad experience.  Such a loser team.
Asked for an iced caramel latte, and they gave me an iced coffee. Went back and payed AGAIN for an iced caramel latte, and they gave me a cup with pure white milk only and no caramel at all. Is it that hard to make a latte?
When I first pulled up to get breakfast at 533am the man told me to come back in 10mins. I said "what is this? You mean I can't order food right now? Yall start breakfast from 5am and go until 11am!" He said ok you can order, but food won't be ready for at least 5min. What was weird is soon as I ordered, my food was already ready. This particular McDonald's is way to busy and big to be pulling slack workers like that. The guy seemed like he just didn't want to help.
I came in at 10, the drive through line was so long and I saw 2 families eating food inside. I decided to go in as it said the lobby hours are until 11.  I knocked on every door wondering if anyone was going to open up the door, but no. The worker shook her head at me sternly and wouldn   t even give me the explanation as to why she wouldn   t open the door. Mind you I also was in my military uniform and she went out of her way to disrespect me, all she would have had 
Total dump.  Long,  unreasonable waits.  The dining room was filthy.  Missing sauce for nuggets. No lids for the cups.  No napkins.  It's like dining in the third world.
It's a busy McDonald's in the morning based on its location, however, their service is good and fast. Great place to dine in.
I can't even give them a star.  We had to order 4 times after sitting in line for over 45 mins- they still got it wrong.  Their team needs training severely.  We ended up working with the manager and he did give us the food free- spouse and teenage found it inedible.
"This particular McDonald's was incredibly slow.

My chicken sandwich was overcooked and dry and they didn't put the pickles on it.

Overall it took over 15 minutes in the drive through to get my food.

Not a great showing from a place that is not expected to be great."
"This place is awful
The lines are looooong inside or drive through being waiting for 45 minutes for 2 happy meals
I think is one of the slowest in the state.
Needs lots of work hopefully management gets involved and fix the deficiencies"
Order was accurate and tasted great. Fast service. They were out of some items so had to change our order slightly.
"Both online and the sign here says they are 24hr. Tried coming in to get some food for my kids last night after a 7 hrs road trip. They had shut down the drive through and doors. When I CALLED THE STORE AND ASKED THE MANAGER HUNG UP IN MY FACE 2 TIMES. WHEN ALL I WAS ASKING WAS WHAT TIME DO THEY CLOSE AND WHY DOES IT SAY 24 HOURS IF YOUR SHUT DOWN?!?!?

THEN I PROCEEDED TO CALL THE NEXT MORNING AND ASKED TO SPEAK TO A MANAGER, EXPLAINED WHAT HAPPENED TOLD HER ID LIKE THE MANAGER NAME FROM THE NIGHT BEFORE TO REPORT IT TO COORPRATE, SHE THEN TOO HUNG UP IN MY FACE TOO!!!

THESE ARE THR MANAGERS ACTING LIKE THAT ? IM FAR BEYOND DISSAPOINTED AND I WILL BE STILL REACHING OUT TO COORPRATE.  THEY DONT DESERVE THEIR JOBS AT ALL, SOMONE ELSE WOULD REALLY NEED THAT JOB AND TREAT THE CUSTOMERS PROPER ."
Ordered two plain fish sandwiches with no cheese or  tartar sauce, due to a dairy allergy. When I got to the pick up window - they had put slices of cheese in both sandwiches. I returned them and had to sit and wait for the order to be corrected.  Unfortunately, this happens constantly, no matter what McDonald's I go too. It's clear the prep team simply isn't paying attention to the instructions on the orders.
If I could give 0 stars I would. We got turned away at the drive thru because they stated, "we are short staffed and really busy, we can't take any more orders for 20 minutes" and when I asked if I could wait in the drive thru, they told me no because the drive thru is timed and it would time out. I understand being short staffed and running behind on orders, thats understandable, but telling people you're not taking orders for the next 20 minutes.. I mean come on, I am not sure who is managing this location but turning away business? Seems like a poor business practice to me. This happened on 10/17 at 1030 by the way.
McDonald   s is already a horrible franchise with horrendous service but this location is SO bad that I wanted to write this review to advise NOBODY to come to this location. The service is a joke. The food always comes out wrong. The staff is not fr
The manager here always is very accommodating and always makes sure that the place is clean.
Love this place
"Very modern McDonald's, plenty of self service kiosks, drive through is efficient and they even have a patio so you can eat outside. They also have table service!
Place was very clean too and the soda machine had dozens and dozens of combinations."
My family and i had come to Orlando for the weekend only so since Sunday morning we were ti head back to Miami. We wanted ti get ahead of the traffic so we decided that we would order breakfast and eat as we traveled and McDonald's was our spot. The lines were long but it moved pretty fast and we were happy. I dont get ti eat breakfast out very often so this was a treat for me ad the food was great.
This mc Donald's is self order only. And the self order board wasn't working properly? So it made for a lengthy wait. They don't have any cash sale lines? It seems they only want drive through business.  As far as the food.....well you know what your gonna get here!
This place is terrible!  They have no inside seating...  which, I guess happens.  But the manager on duty this morning, when asked about the seating simply waved my wife off and shooed her away without even taking her cell phone from her ear...   shameful...  we just wanted to have a quick bite before getting on the road on the tail of the tropical storm.  The one bright light was the very sweet and friendly young lady that took our order.   Wish I knew both names so that I call them out, both good (for the young lady) and BAD (for the manager lady on duty).
The food was alright, but the arcade area was a total letdown for my 5 and 6 year old. We only spent $10 but essentially none of the games worked and they didn   t get any tickets when they should have. To small children this is a big letdown. The young man at that counter was kind and apologized (and I get it ½ï
"Incredibly slow service, sat in the drive-thru for at least 10 minutes without the line moving. When I finally got my food, the crispy chicken sandwich tasted stale, the texture was very chewy and not crisp at all; on top of that, I wasn't asked if I wanted any ketchup or sauces, the sandwich didn't have a drop of mayonnaise or anything on it, just oddly dry pickles, and a soggy bun. I had to park and go inside to get condiments. As has become almost expected with the McDonald's experience, the soda tasted like sanitizer. Never again at this location.
I only stop at McDonald's if I am blindingly hungry, on the verge of passing out, and still my past 3 experiences at three locations around Orlando have been disgusting.

Update: Got food poisoning, and this is the last thing I ate."
McDonald's just needs to SHUTDOWN!!  Every McDonald's in the Orlando area....none EVER open on time, systems are ALWAYS down, CASH ONLY in the early morning hours IF you can find one that is ACTUALLY OPEN.  Sign on door states open at 5:00am...and at 6:05am, still closed.
It's fast food so its hit or miss. Often the fry grease tastes old. The Tea fluctuations in sweetness can throw you for a loop going anywhere from bitter to syrup. Half the time late shifts miss part of your order and if they are busy sometimes the food especially fish and chicken wraps do not appear to be fully cooked. Other times its great?
As so often is the case, my big Mac wasn't hot & fresh & hubby's coffee was cold - but they did replace that, no friendliness of staff - just functional!
they rarely get my order right.  I know my order is taken correctly because the woman who does drive thru. she has a long braid and she is amazing.
Tgey forgot us at the curbside pickup. 30 mins
Friendly staff. Clean restaurant
"Unbelievably SLOW. I ordered 2 cheese burgers and 1 frappe. They took almost 30 minutes to get our food. When they finally came to give us food the employee gave us the wrong food and had the BIGGEST attitude when I said the order was wrong. DONT COME HERE IF YOU WANT FAST FOOD ITS MORE LIKE SLOW FOOD. Don   t recommend horrible will not return again.
Another thing is put cheese burgers were cold and dry! The frappes weren "
Awful. 2AM visit. Only two workers. Took 30 minutes with nobody in line as the cashier had to run food out to cars waiting too long in drive through. Fries were undercooked.
Was so excited for my first time coming to    the big McDonald   s     because I was told you could order special menu items. First disappointment. Second, not only were there no numbers to grab once you ordered your food, but we waited over an hour for a ham and cheese French toast, (that we watched sit in the window under a heater that wasn   t even working for over 20 mins) a McDouble and Big Mac and a frozen coffee (that was half melted). Very disappointing. Will NEVER go back. The employees were all chi
They where A 1 they where closing & still let us come in & served us all & it was a lot of us & served us like we where they 1st customers & alllll food was hot  ½
Visited a few days after Christmas, it was a quick walk from our  hotel. Considering the amount of people that were ordering, our food came out quick. They forgot some items and they were very apologetic and got the rest of our order right away.
Literally the worst McDonald's I've ever been to
Fries and nuggets were hot and fresh.  I got the family share about 40 nuggets 40 nuggets and 2 large fries. Plus the 20% off with mobile app. Great deal.
It was crowded. I ordered fr ½es and nuggets. Fr 
Line for drive-thru was slow, and when we got up to order, literally a third of the menu said that it was not in stock. "Be back soon". We ended up not ordering.
We had breakfast this morning and was greeted by a manager in a suit who helped us place our order on the kiosk. Our hot fresh food was brought to our table by a friendly associate. While we ate I couldn   t help but notice a manager holding doors for customers and assisting where needed, even window washing. A male associate asked if he could take our tray when we were finished. The staff is impressive and the remodel looks refreshing
McDonald's is my favorite restaurant of all. My dad or mom always order something we like. Mine is the double cheeseburger with no pickles. In Saturdays and mostly Fridays, we get those burgers for dinner. Like to see McDonald's keeping up the good work!
We waited for 50 minutes in the drive through. The line moved at the beginning, but then stopped completely near the order box. Because of the way the cars are channeled through a curbed path we couldn't escape. We were trapped and had no choice but to sit and wait. It was very frustrating. The order we received was correct but we didn't get any apology or explanation. We'll Mark this location on the map and never go here again.
"Thank you for the cold breakfast. Made me wait almost 40 minutes. Families got theirs before my lil sandwich and coffee. They just forgot about my meal and let it sit. Only thing warm was the coffee,barely.
Not anyone ½ï¿"
More than 40 minutes waiting for some cheeseburger and fries, and when I approach one of the senior employees, she reply with an   attitude. Definitely never stopping on this again.
Rainy first night in Orlando, we went here after a super long day at Disney World. We waited over 20 min for our food in the drive thru! None of our order was correct and it was pouring rain so I did not want to go back through the slow drive thru. I mean McDonald's is what it is, but people go there for quick and convenient and those components were def missing on this particular visit. ï¿½ï
I waited 20 minutes until I got my food but the order was completely wrong. I ordered two double cheeseburgers and I got one with two patties and a glob of ketchup on it. The other just had a party with two dry pieces of bread on it. The fries were colder than a dead body in a freezer. What an absolute joke of a kitchen staff. Just a bunch of high school dropouts that cant even make a sandwhich correctly. If your reading this, just go buy some burgers and bread and make one yourself.
Beagle was old and hash browns cold
They made me wait in the drive thru parking lot line and still forgot my order that says    add cheese   . This has happened twice, yet they still give me the bag with the add cheese stamp on it with false advertising that it is has cheese. I am paying for extra cheese and not getting it on my food, it   s ridiculous and stealing honestly. This is the third time this has happened. Will be calling c
They certainly need to take a look at the way they are staffing the night shift. This location seems to be very popular at night and yet the management has barely anyone back there making orders. There was a giant mob waiting at the register's for their orders. Be smarter with your manning.
Rudest staff ever. I literally just wanted water, I asked how to get water and this lady just muttered something and pointed somewhere. So I asked another employee and was straight up ignored. Tear this place down, it ain't working.
Very rude employee taking orders" slammed the window in my face and left and  didn't charge me, also called the manager and the manager was worst than the employee, beware of this location this people are rude and very far from being polite- horrible experience, staffsocks.
Took forever to get our food every day we were there this week when they got very busy. One night we were there for almost an hour waiting in a crowd. I feel like they might have been understaffed because they weren't working quickly. Everything was good and correct but they ran out of one items I ordered so they replaced it with a different flavor.
Took over half an hour to received food and it was stone cold staff looked demoralise when asked a member of staff about my food she just looked at me and walked away would never go there again spent over $90 dollars for poor service and food.
Best McDonalds in the area. Great coffee, modern decor, clean. Wifi. Quickest service. Friendly and helpfull staff.
I personally haven't had any issues with this location. In the 2 years I've lived close by there have been 2 times where the drive through was majorly backed up and something was clearly wrong. But of maybe 100 trips in the last few years I've had 95% good service and fresh food.
I am here in Orlando on vacation and I ordered via Uber eats and when I got my order the happy meal had no fries. My large fries were half empty, cold and soggy. My deluxe chicken sandwich was cold as well. I ordered a large sprite with it and it was flat and didn   t taste right. Tha
Sometimes high tech doesn't mean faster. Location has multiple self service kiosk meaning instead of taking orders one at a time you have several being made simultaneously. Causing a backup waiting to get food inside while competing with drive-thru. Location still does not offer dining inside after ordering food. They had just mopped with 20+ customers inside so that was a safety hazard. Not to mention I overheard someone tell one of the employees that something was broke in the ladies restroom causing water on the floor.
Service at this place is a joke. Sat in the drive threw for 20 minutes waiting of my food. The tea is bad 60 percent of the time. I believe this falls directly on management. As there are always new employees there. Most times having poor attitudes. Also I have never once been suggested a pie. I don't even bother pointing it out as it would only take longer. And probably be un edible. I only stop in there maybe once a month when I'm in a bind.
I came here on my way to a meeting in the convention center. I had 20 minutes to be where I needed to be so I figured I would swing by this McDonald's and grab some food. Boy was that a mistake. I arrived at this McDonald's at 11:45. I did not order my food at the drive-thru window until 10 minutes after 12:00. By the time I actually got my food it was closer to 12:30. This has to be the absolute slowest McDonald's in the history of any restaurant in the world. It has double drive throughs and they seem to prefer the inside Lane to the outside lane. They were taking the orders of customers on the inside line too if not three to one. Not exactly sure what was going on inside the building. But they were slower than molasses. I understand that there is issues right now with finding employees for a little bit of prep work would have sped up the process a little bit. That's why I gave them three stars instead of one.
They have a arcade and place to play for kids of all ages staff swerves you and very helpful definitely my go to place when In Florida
I'll start with the positive: The food I received was the correct order and it was hot. The bad: What was supposed to be a 10 minute trip ended up being almost 40 because they were severely understaffed, and constantly giving out the wrong food to everyone. Maybe they're better during the day, but definitely stay away from the midnight shift if you're looking to get in and out.
This McDonalds is a sight to see!! If you   re in Orlando, take y
Open 24 hours, but not before 6am?
The nicest workers I have ever met! The main lady, I didn   t catch her name, but she was so friendly and helped my family order on their touch screens and she was so nice and helpful.  It is refreshing to meet someon
Good hot food.  A bit of a wait for a McMuffin at 6:30am.  Nobody else in line at the drive thru.  They had to ask the chicken for more eggs?
Terrible service, waited forever for our food, Won't be back.
OMG!!!...The WORST McDonald's I have EVER been in. Orders were on the board and they were just standing around like the had nothing to do. Drive thru was closed so everyone had to come inside to place their order. This was my first and last time I will NEVER eat at this location. No sense of urgency from the manager on duty as well!!!
We stopped at McDonald   s just for drinks. It seems they were low on ice and 
Largest and slowest in the world. Took 25 minutes from when I drove up till I left. Took 15 minutes to get my food after I paid. Also I did not get a "good morning"or anything except 739. The cost of my food. Extremely bad service and attitudes from everyone I encountered there. All for 2 sausage biscuits and a coffee.
McDonald ½ï¿
I would give 3.5 stars for the sugar free caramel iced coffee and 1 star for the sausage burritos. The burritos were very small half the normal size and very little filling or cheese inside. It's been a year since I had a sausage burrito and McDonald's has definitely gone downhill. Prices are higher for the burrito and you get less food for the money.
Waited almost 30 minutes to get my food, while people with bigger orders that came after me, got their food. When asked what was taking so long, they said they are working on the order, then followed by asking me what my order was. After wards, had another employee who knew what was going on come out to ask me again what order was, had to stand there and watch them put my food into a microwave. The worst experience ever.
Had a slight issue ordering. Inform the manager that they're ordering system was not working right. They jumped on it right away to correct the problem with getting it involved. Super clean and friendly store.
Visited 3 times over a week during a conference. This place is a shambles. The self-ordering system seems good until you realize that everything after is shambolic. Twice out of those 3 times it's taken more than 30 minutes to get a simple order, and it's not even been busy. The staff (especially the manager Martha) is aggressive and disengaged. Overall a truly terrible 'fast' food location.
I don   t expect 5 star service when I visit a McDonald   s,  but I also don   t want an employee full of attitude handling
Started with me having to get the attention of the Drive thru by saying hello to the order com because 2 cars had passed on my right while i was waiting. Then I pulled up to receive my order I was given my drinks but was missing the one from my Happy Meal order as I asked for it and the person at the window looked at me like what was I talking about I said that i am missing a drink and again he looked at me like I was tring to get something again i mentioned that i have 3 orders with a beverage and a frap but i am still missing one then he began to say ok it is coming just pull forward to the next window as i pulled forward they brought me my items and still no drink and was still missing items again they looked at me like i did not know what i was saying and then finally got my HM drink but i was still missing items was told they are in the oven again waited 10 min with no one coming to the window to inform me of the wait I went to the window where thire was a person and again he was confused on why i was still in there line waiting on food, then the manger came to the window asking what is the problem I said I am still missing my apple pies he being to tell me they are in the oven and it takes 10 min I asked am i still waiting at the other window or am i pulling to a number lane he said no next window so I pull back up and wait another 7 more min I have now been waiting 20 min for my items.  If it was communicated that the wait will be a long wait, I would not have felt forgotten at the window.
Very nice, clean establishment. The staff was efficient and worked diligently to provide for our every need. My family and I are visiting from out of town. We noticed that the employees, even the store manager walked throughout the restaurant checking on customers making sure they are enjoying their food. I greatly appreciate the atmosphere they provide for their customers.
"Busy, busy, busy.  Prepare for a wait!

Location is good. Restaurant is clean.  Employees are nice. Orders are accurate.  Ordering Keosks are cool.  Well laid out & up to date . . . but prepare to wait.  This place is busy beyond repair.  Drive through stacked (at least 9 cars waiting with both wait stalls full.  For the last hour, 8+ people lined up inside with 2 of the 4 kiosks in use.  Prepare for minimum 30 minutes inside."
Prices are way too high, got pulled forward only to wait an extra 20 minutes. Still no food. Went inside to ask for a refund. Food still wasn't ready. Ask what the hell was going on and the cow behind the counter said "oh our bun toaster is broken".  Didn't say that at the window!! This is an I DRIVE location. Absolutely ridiculous. Stay away. What a waste.
Food was decent. Cashier had difficulties with card in drive thru saying machine was asking for pin. Odd. Large order but smoothies three quarters of way filled. Filled but looked like ice and concentrate added. They did remake it which turned out fine.
Took over a hour for my order and they need a PC system to let people know their orders are ready. THEY NEED MORE HELP
"Service is slow and painful, lost McDouble Bundle option on menu for budget minded customers. Still giving it 2 stars, because employees aren't paid enough to say, ""Have a Good Day"" when you getting order at pick up window.

Change my mind next time I drive through and you'll get more stars...

Like what you see? Just say... OYE!

-The Blond One-"
Just had the worst experience at this location, Sidel (who apparently is one of the managers and is Hispanic like me) was extremely rude when we ordered our food through the drive-thru. She even was making faces at us           ½ï¿½ï¿½ï
The staff here were amazing- so kind to my two children. Everyone we encountered was friendly and went out of their way to help.
Very clean, Inside and out. I order on my app and the food was waiting as I walked in. Everything was hot and fresh.
The team had no personality and had even had one employee on his cell phone while making orders.  The food I got had the fries lukewarm yet the burgers were fine.  They were more concerned with talking with themselves and not the customer.  Outside of that the place was clean and recieved my order in a quickly manner
One of the worse McDonalds I have ever been to.  There is no welcomes or thank you.  Service treats you like you are a problem for them, ie: the server placed the food on front of the customer and started to walk off, the customer said what about my drink.  The server rolled her eyes walked away, brought the drink back reached through the screen put the drink down and walked away.  No I am sorry, no have a nice day.  For me it took over 7 minutes to just get a milkshake.  Never Again for me.
Good fast location. They had a third window for you to pull forward to keep the line moving through the drive thru instead of having someone walk out to your car. It was super convenient and it did seem to save time. We will probably stop by this location again before our trip it over. You can't really go wrong with $1 cheeseburgers.
Worst customer service! Don   t even bother to go ... We waited 45 min for someone to take our order thru the drive tru! Horrible and then the l
To whom it may concern. Your curb at the entrance of Hawian Bvld at International Drive is dangerous to cars turning right to park. The curb extends to far out to the drive and is blind to drivers in SUVs are high sitting vehicles. I can tell by the damage to the curb, that I'm not the first to experience this and damaged was caused. As a suggestion you may want to paint the curb bright red or install a Yellow caution post to alert drivers. The right think to do would be to correct it.
No wait in drive thru line. They got the order right. Fries were nice and hot and the staff was respectful. I did not five stars because the girl at the drive thru struggled to understand me, english was not her native language. She tried though and it all worked out. I got my correct order and in a timely manner.
It is very clean inside, great staff. I always go inside and order take out. They do everything super fast.
I could not recommend this place. We pulled up to the drive thru at 10:48 pm and the guy behind the speaker said just go ahead with your order with the most unpleasant tone. When I asked if I could have just a sec he replied again in an unpleasant tone well we close in 2 mins. So clearly they didn't want our business and something tells meet they won't want yours. Save your time and go elsewhere.
The cleanest nicest McDonald's ever! The staff are so welcoming and helpful and great with the kids after a long tired day! Thank you.
Manager is horrible, system was down had an employee at the register adding the amount wrong and when we asked to speak to the manager she called the police because she would    not serve us    after we got upset that her only response was system was down and what the employee said was correct not even verifying his calculations were valid (McDonalds was old-school at this point writing orders on a notepad). I understand their is miscommunication but ho
Ordered curbside. The attendant came out to tell me that my apple pie would take 15 minutes and he couldn't cancel it. He said he can substitute for cookies. 15 minutes later I had my order with cookies and still no apple pie. Frustrating. Their soft drinks are always hit or miss as well because the balance of syrup and water is never correct
We're here the other night about 2:00 a.m. they're very kind and considerate the fries were a little late so they offered me an extra set plus the ones that were not bad in my opinion but may have been a minute older so thanks to them and their service and tasty food
Sign on door says drive thru open 24hrs and there is signage under the McDonald's "M" by the street that says open 24hrs. They are NOT 24hrs, they open at 5. The lady working inside was annoyed that I was trying to get service at 445 and rolled her eyes when I pointed out incorrect details. Need to fix their information.
Absolutely the slowest service I've ever had at a fast food restaurant.  Me and my 3 friends went and we all used the kiosk to order our individual meals.  After 45 minutes and having to talk with the manager we finally got our food.  There was one person working fries, one cook, on manager assisting the cook, and one employee who was supposed to be putting the orders together and delivering to the customers.  The last person walked around like a zombie who had no idea what planet they were even on.  He would pick up a bag occasionally and put it back down and the clear orders from the system and not give anything to the customers. Then when customers complained he would ask them what they ordered and the try to find food for the. After seeing that 3 customers who ordered 20+ minutes after me and my friends I asked to speak with the manager. He proceeded to lie and said that once and order has been on for a while the automatic delete off the que.  So he had no idea what any of us ordered. We had to give him a receipt and the he helped us 10 minutes later. All the trash cans were over flowing into the floor and the restaurant was very dirty.   All the employees including the manager didn't even look 18 years old. They were definitely under trained, mis managed, and probably under staffed.
Nothing bad to say here! We grabbed some quick breakfast before heading to the parks. We opted to use the digital checkout to place our order which is pretty cool and gives plenty of options to what you order. It also seems to give you a little more time to order. The place was very clean and modern in design. We didn't interact too much with staff but the little we did, they seemed very nice and helpful. Although not used this time by us, I did notice a cart specifically for sauces, seasonings, etc right behind the counter for quick access when asked.. the location was pretty good despite being off a busy road so that didny pose any issues. Overall a pretty food McDonalds experience!
When we went it was cash only. They were out of ice cream and frappes. Our food was decent. They were extremely slow.
They   re telling everyone in the drive they to come inside, but they are making all 20 people waiting in line wait til they take and make a couple orders. Been waiting at least 15 minutes- they   ve helped a total of 4 people. Kiosks are all t
Very nice staff, good place to get all your fast food needs!  Tha k you!   
Inconsistency on preparing my daily French vanilla latte. Some times perfect, sometimes bitter, sometimes similar to the much less expensive regular black.  Also very inconsistent on getting special orders correct. Very friendly crew.
Wow, just wow! Incredibly under staffed wich may have led to EXTREME rudeness.  Out of, or simply didnt want to put out the effect of giving, straws, cup holder and ketchup. And when asked for these items, straight out nasty about it! This mcdonald's is in parking lot of my hotel so really convenient but will NOT be revisiting!! If only 0 stars was a option..
They have better food than the regular McDonald's because it's the largest in the u.s.
Was awful waited 30 mins for food in a half empty place, not what I'd call fast food then the big mac was luke warm  ½ï¿½
We did drive through. It took 45 minutes to get 7 cars out. The food was cold and the drinks were half empty.
I don   t normally review McDonald   s but this is a good one because of the staff right now.  You know what the food is like so no need to discuss, you either like it or you don   t.  There is a very sweet older lady that works here that is phenominal.  She likes her job, is nice to customers and actually makes this place great.  I will be back.  Thi
This place was a mess. They took FOREVER to serve the few people they had. A guy dropped a spatula. I was freaking out. They would take counter order cause the manager said "When we are done in the back." So upset with this service.
Very busy usually, fresh hot food, fried typically don't have salt on them have been multiple times before with the same issue. Prices also higher than other mcdonalds, otherwise clean, friendly employees, fresh food
"I was here a couple times during a week. I would say it has been pleasant (service as expected). But man, Saturday was not normal. Trash bins over flowing, tables dirty, self help machines missing table locator, and drink dispenser area was messy. From what I could see, the back looked cleaned but the front of the house was a wreck.

Back to the self help machines, it states that they will bring you the drink to your table. They brought me the food but told me to get the cup up front. I don't really care but someone should change what the machine states.

Overall, this is a modern looking McDonald's. Most of the days I went here it has been good. But I guess their weekend was a different story."
The cashier/servers look miserable and when you smile they just straight up look at you like youre vermin to them. They lack personality and they rudely say stuff. Even forgot 2 items out of my order. Went up and got the wrong reciept printed and recieved attitude from the cashier who printed out my reciept.
I love that you could touch screen order,  it was easy, and there are people constantly cleaning! I love that they bring the food to the table as well! Very nice, wish I had one where I love! I think more people would enjoy dining in at McDonald's now!
Well just because that McDonald's is on international drive which is in the tourist area doesn't give him the right to jack up their prices and I go up and down international drive quite a bit I drive charter buses and because their prices are jacked up so high I won't bring a busload of people there now the young lady that brought my lunch out you know she was very very friendly very nice young lady the restaurant is clean but your prices are way too high and until they come down I will not bring 50 60 people in my bus to that location just because you're on international drive don't mean you can rip people off and that's all you're doing when I can take them four miles down the road to a Burger King and their prices are a lot lot lower so if you want to start seeing more charter buses come in there with people lower your prices
There's only 1 way to describe my experience. Have you ever gone in to a daycare, and shook a basket full of babies, well I haven't but I could imagine what it sounds like, and that's how it sounded when I walked in the doors, I didn't order anything, and the employees were on there phones anyways. So  
Place was rude.  Ate there twice and this morning lady for mad and purposely messed up the coffees won't go back
Over priced why because they're the biggest shame on this company,poor service and worst the food was disgusting, got orders wrong HOW was ordered via screen
I guess they got to rip off their guests to afford the building the management staff are rude when you order a shake medium it comes in a little small kids cup I order two Filet-O-Fish fish or they're not offering the 2 for 5  but that's okay they're not even putting tartar sauce on the sandwich I was just bread  the Fish so I guess they had to cut  cost somewhere when they charge you $15 for fish and don't put anything  on it. I won't go back. Here is how to save some money fire some of those managers that are rude for your guests and that'll save you some money and start building the sandwich correctly
"Went inside to order because wife was dealing with kids.  No line ordered at kiosk right away.  15 workers and no one working.  Manager walking around say hello to customers and no one working. 17 minutes to get 4 egg McMuffins at 8 am
Worst service ever"
If I was rating this on speed of service it would be negative stars but the food was good once we got it. This location is extremely busy and feels under staffed for the amount of business they get. What is the point of all the kiosks and a double lane drive through if it overwhelms the staff and you wait for 30-40 minutes for a 10pc mcnugget meal?
"Another experience.

I was asked to wait at drive thru. No other customers were in queue. They forgot about me. The order was reduced without telling me. The apple pies were removed without any explanation. When I called to report the issue a woman who answered the phone saying she was the manager didn't identify herself. She was rude and short and when I asked for her name she wouldn't provide it. Bad experience with the food too. The fries were so over salted I couldn't eat them and the big mac had so much lettuce and sauce on it I was wondering what happened in the kitchen. End to end bad experience.

Hello I came to your restaurant this morning and waited an extremely long time and was ignored by your staff. I waited at the drive thru order kiosk, then at the payment window and then at the pick up window. Your staff saw me waiting making eye contact several times but continuing to ignore me. I moved back to the payment window and waited while several cars pulled up waiting too. When Mitzy who had ignored me finally opened the window was really dismissive with her demeanor before taking my order. I asked why she saw me and continued to make me wait. Her response was I just put on the headset. Seriously that was her response. There were at least four of the staff who saw me so I am really frustrated with your customer service. Why didn't she acknowledge that she kept me waiting and just apologized for the delay like a normal person. I was really offended that she was so flippant when I asked her about making me wait. HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE and lack of basic human kindness. NOT LOVING IT.

Visited again on 3/17/2018 and had the same experience. Even the white shirt manager ignored me."
No heavy traffic which means your food is made fresh and rarely sitting for too long. Would recommend over McDonald's entertainment location further up international drive where the prices are significantly higher.
The service was TOTALLY slow and it took the clerk about 5 minutes before they could even take an order.  I'm a local and I wouldn't ever go back to this location again. Seemed like a LOT of chaos happening when I looked in the kitchen area.  Also, clerks do NOT have a basic understanding of English. This is difficult if you're trying to ask anything of the clerk.  Would not recommend.
Middle of the day and they were fast efficient and friendly the fries were hot everything was fresh
24 hours if you drive maybe advertises as lobby open 5am-3am however is closed to the public more often than its open, with no explanation of why the doors are locked but drive through is open and employees will just watch you through the window, terrible service
"Only used thr drive through, but order was correct and the food was good.  Busy unit given its location, but the flow through the two lanes was pretty swift.

Interactions with staff were efficient and pleasant."
Sorely disappointed. Outlets in every wall and not a single one working. The girl at counter looked at me like I was dumb the entire time I tried to order and seemed like she didnt have a clue how to answer any question I asked. The guy sweeping the lobby was very cordial and actually tried to warn me none of the outlets worked, so kudos to him. Place was clean enough I guess.
"Please calibrate The Soda's Machine correctly.

He has been mixing and preparing sodas wrong for days"
"This location is incredible. It has two stories. Has automated machines to order from. You can get a variety of different items to try out that aren't at regular McDonald's. It's always super busy here too so expect a wait.

I'm a local and I decided to try something different when a friend was visiting so we came here and ordered pizza. I was so sick for the next three days that I couldn't leave bed. Never again."
Paid for nuggets by time I walked all the way to my apartment approximately 25 minutes and we started to eat we opened up the food no nuggets
This McDonald's is across the street from the Orange County Convention Center. The girl at the counter looked at us when we got there, and made no attempt to greet us or even approach the counter until we asked her if she was Ok. The food was fine, but the service definitely needs improvement.
I never thought I would rate a McDonald's as 5 stars but I did. Food was typical of a McDonald's but the staff were truly incredible for a fast food restaurant. They smiled, checked up on us, cleaned up our tables and looked far more professional than the normal locations.
On Saturday, at 11:25am, drive through is moving at 4 to 5 minutes per car, which works out to about 30 to 35 minutes to get your food from when order was placed. Also, only use lane 1 and you will go faster.
The worst McDonald's in the area. I have lived close to this McDonald's for a little over a year now and have yet ever had a good experience. My order is either not accurate or the food is unacceptable. Also the team members and management just don't seem  to care. I'm not usually one to complain about things because I do realize this is a fast food restaurant, however this last visit has really ticked me off, I couldn't even place my order because the person taking orders in the drive thru was so incompetent, and then she wanted to act like she couldn't hear me. Other times I have visited this location,  I have had an issue where items were left off my order, so brought the food back to have it all replaced because by the time I got home and had to drive back to pick up my missing items, it would all be cold. I asked for my order to be remade and I legit watched this manager put my sandwich in the microwave ... I could understand if I had a huge order to be replaced but it was honestly 3 items. With that said I will not be back to this McDonald's location ever.
"Great food. Not speaking English at the drive-through window is a big downfall for me.  Not sure why they would put somebody like that taking orders. I repeated myself three different times and then they finally brought somebody else to the window. Very frustrating
RJ."
The management staff were bullying a new employee by telling her have needed to clean the dirty trays , the manger did this while the girl was taking my order, very uncool. The rest of the staff in the drive through laughed at the the poor girl and I was embarrassed for her. I mean I know it's just a starting job for some people, but they still need to be professional.
This place was freaking unbelievable!  It has a elevator that takes you up to the game room where all the fun begins.  The food was good. I had the broccoli and     Alfredo. I do recommend it.  The large fish tank in the middle of the floor
The friendliest mcdonalds staff I have ever met! Tasha was the sweetest worker there! The food was good and as isially good price. They had some fancy new machines that had to be 2019 machines I was lost and couldn't get a refill cause it made me anxious and they were busy! But overall good time okay food good people
Forgot to put the sign    we are closedï¿½ï¿
Severely understaffed for such a busy location. I've seen McDonald's with more workers in locations in the middle of nowhere. Expect to wait at least an hour for food and make sure to check your order before leaving as I and at least half of the patrons I saw leaving came back missing something.
Took more than 30 minutes in drive thru with 5 cars ahead of me. Not only the slowest McDonalds ever, but by far the slowest McDonalds I have ever been to.
Ordered 2 cheeseburgers with no pickles. I got 2 burgers with no cheese and pickles. The establishment itself was clean kept and had a nice interior update to it. The soda machine is a touch screen and you can add flavor shots to it if you'd like. So, if you like Russian Roulette, this might be the McDonalds for you.
Really nice place. Best McDonalds I've ever seen. Milkshake was good too.
We were not impressed with this location. They locked the doors at lunch and only ran the drive-through. We made it inside, but that wasn't much better. The workers were not friendly and I had to order at a kiosk.
McDonalds International Drive had really terrible customer service. Not sure what's hard about ice cream in a cup but they were determined to charge us for a sundae and could not have been less cooperative. Chick-fil-A this is why I love you so much.
If you prefer to talk to a person then DO NOT go to this location. They only take orders made by kiosk in the dinning room.
Worlds worst McDonald's. Went there on may 7th 2021 at approximately 11pm pizza was closed ,play are arcade closed,  ordered food to eat in tables dirty, asked several times to get it cleaned, and to get better in had to stand on a line for 35 minutes to get my drink because they wouldn't bring it to the table what a joke Spanish manager was a witch to be nice I say nasty nasty and a joke to run it like this she had no care
This is the worst run McDonald's I have EVER seen in my life, the service is super slow. Its complete chaos. The manager should be immediately terminated along with the rest of the useless staff. I would rate it zero but that wasn't an option.
If I could give this place zero stars I would after my experience here tonight. The employee (manager) handling the front end was the rudest individual I've ever met of all my visits to McDonald's in my 30 years. Her attitude got her confronted by several of the customers waiting for food. One lady said she'd been waiting on her food for over an hour. They wouldn't even accommodate her with a refund. Infact my order $25 took 40 min to fill. The store shut down the kiosks, as well as the drive through window to attempt to fill orders of those waiting in the lobby. I understand it's easy to get overwhelmed but when you're filling orders for customers that have just ordered while you have customers that have been waiting on food for nearly an hour, your prioritizing methods are failing. And combining that with the attitude of the manager on duty at the time will result in a lot of unhappy customers. I'm on vacation and will most likely never be in this restaurant again. But if I were a local, they would have just received their last $25 from my pocket. My recommendation on would be to avoid the smaller McDonald's in down town orlando, the management  lacks in people skills and the whole establishment functions as a team poorly. The girl running the fries and the font end had better people skills and prioritized better than either member of management on duty. McDonald's, I'd fix this ladies attitude or I'd find her replacement.
Totally not the staff's fault but there was only 1 person to take orders from the double drive thru. There were also a few minor mistakes on our order but considering they barely had staff I expected it.
I have no idea how the employees got hired. They are so rude and have no manners. They literally see you standing there for over 10 minutes waiting and no one offers to help.They all need to stay home if they don ½ï¿
All that technology and they can't remember how to put two sandwiches in a bag. Maybe if they had a few more people instead of LCD screens?
Drive thru 10 minutes to get to screen to order. Then no one to take order for another 5 minutes. Can't get out of line. Trapped!  Such slow service. Sort of silly for this newly updated McDonald's to be poorly run or staffed.
26min in queue is when the manager tells me i have to make my order in one of the machines because she doesn't have someone who can take my order. Really sad i waist my time and did not get my strawberry shake. International Driveway to busy for this time of the day. They need more personal.
I wish there were warning signs on the drive in. Turn back now- unless you have 30 minutes to wait in the drive thru to order, pay and receive your food. Once you pull in and someone comes up behind you, you are stuck..... Hopefully you don't want any Coke with your meal. And forget any all day breakfast items that will add an additional 20 minutes on to your wait. Haven't even tasted my food yet. Do not recommend.
You wouldn't expect it but it's not as good as it is in europe, not to mention if you'll go there really hungry by the time they'll serve you you'll starve.
2am walked up to the drive through .. the best nightshift crew and McD ½ï¿½ï
We used the kiosks to order and pay for the food. You are supposed to take a number and sit down and they will bring you your food. We had to wait for numbers. She told me they've had those kiosks for at least 8 months. The staff was overwhelmed with the amount of orders. We had to get the food ourselves from the counter. My poor mom had to wait in the line because she couldn't make the kiosk work. She was so stressed out by the time she sat down.
Service and costumer service awful horrible!!
"I tried to use a coupon to get a free medium fries from the Mcdonald app along with my other items i purchased and after the scanned the coupon they gave me small fries. I even heard them making comments about the free coupon. Also the women at the window seem to be fooling around too much hence the extremely long line during lunch and dinner times. I stopped by 4 times in one week and had an issue each time.

The young white guy at the first window is really nice though hence the 2 stars instead of 1"
Took forever, which I've gotten used too, being a very popular location close to the tourist traps of international drive. But the service and order quality has been way less that satisfactory more times than I could count. And not to forget, neither of my kids of my kids even got the "Pokemon toy" or any toy for that matter that they asked for.
Absolute worse McDonalds I've ever been to.  Restrooms were a mess, ordered food, gave up after 30 minutes and gave receipt to some other folks waiting for their order.
Wait was not too long at all. Line moved evenly. Although order was incorrect and corrected. It took a long time to get 1 drink
Soda machine on drive thru window was broken on 12/01/2018 at  around 10:30pm. The person who was taking the order was kind enough to give me the option to go inside with the cup and use the machine inside but his manager told him he could not offer me that option therefore I was unable to buy a soda. Great Management Skills.
Fires were "pie pan" hot and the chicken sangwich was pretty deece. Better than usual.
"As I do not nor have I ever cared for McDonald's.... my wife really enjoys coffee... I tried there coffees'... as I was not blown away, I will not be so quick in the future to pass up another location if need a special cup of ""Joe"".

We did not eat any food.  Location was clean. Staff was typical young peeps... wishing they were anywhere but there."
Was awful at this location!!!! FILTHY!!! Had staff just moving trays of trash around from table to table.. The self pay was out of order, took 15 minutes for someone to notice we were at the registers to pay, with only 2 other customers in the restraunt. Even (while patio obviously "designed") patio was horrendous. Trash everywhere, spilled drinks on every table. Very sad since this location I'm sure sees a lot of visitors.
"I have visited multiple McDonalds, and I have never received a great customer service like in this location, by the management.  Great customer service, great attention, very respectfully.
They even walk bu your table to ask if everything was ok."
Terrible service.  Poorly run.  3 out of 4 kiosks were down for ordering. This was the only option to order at 11pm at night on a Sat.  Place was very busy, no cashiers on the line.  Took a number for food to be delivered.  Called receipt to pick up order at counter.  Order wrong.  Forgot Cookie and drink cup.  Had to go back up to ask for it.  Counter person did not apologize.   I will never come back here.
Service was incredibly slow, they were out of coke, dr. Pepper didn't work, and they have light lemonade instead of normal. All while we were in a hurry to get to the park.  Very unpleasant experience.
Busy, but the line went pretty fast, but had a mix up on the order.
Giant line in the drive through, had to wait for about 5 minutes per car and after about 15 minutes we decided to not order there.
After travel around the world this is one of the best McDonald's. The Manager is super kind and has the best customer service ever.
I could have gave 5 stars if it stayed original. I liked the safari jungle vibe. I went with my girlfriend on July 13th at night time. It wasn   t crowded and surprised that they renovated and got rid of golden women bathroom           ½ï¿
I realize it's fast food but I like it and go there 2-3 times per month. I always get a #4 chicken sandwich meal. I get a large drink and total comes to about 10 bucks. Maybe a little high but the sandwich makes it worth it. International Drive location in Myrtle Beach, SC.
Service speed normal.  Was asked to pull to a space and wait for our order, when it came items were still missing so had to go inside anyway.
"Took me and my husband and kids there. They loved the playground that was located upstairs. It was very Spacey.
But just one problem was it not clean. Tables dirty and staff very unfriendly..
But will visit again
Here's pictures of the at home aftermath
#Wired"
Great location and I love the high-tech features, but there's a young woman there who is the rudest little thing. Her name is GERLINE, and she's a nasty, unprofessional piece of work who needs to learn how to be courteous when speaking to customers, and not be rude and treat them like they are an inconvenience. Nasty little piece of work she is. Other than that, all good.
When i walked in i saw a nice line and thought oh no but they brought there A game that day they got everyone in and out! My order was correct and my ff were hot. The restaurant was clean and i got great service.
Arrived starving from water park.30 minutes after ordering large order of food( no deals on that was on other branches) still no food so asked staff who said would look into it. 45 minutes later one staff arrived with sandwich only out of 4 meals and desserts saying rest coming. 1 hour later rest of order arrived no desserts and on checking burger brought was wrong. Went down to complain so called manager shrugged shoulders said other stuff sent up and was attitude of so what that was terrible service. Half machine for kids to play upstairs broke and ridiculous amount of tickets to get smallest prize. Will never be back. If u want mcdonalds go to smaller local branch as will have deals and hopefully better service.
I couldn't tell you much about the food or service because it wasn't open. Supposedly 24 hour location but closed for maintenance.  The sign had been updated closed from 11pm to 4am and then changed again to 5am. I gave up hope at 5:20am when it didn't look like it was going to happen.  Oh well, good luck!
Went new year's Eve and was a disaster!!! 4 employees in the heart of tourist district..We ordered at Kiosk and waited 15 mins and saw that others that had been There for 25+mins hadn't even paid for much less gotten their food... Would have just done as much good to have shut the doors and locked as opposed to being open..
Very busy here at night maybe a good 20 mins to get u food
Found the drive through staff to be rude on a regular basis over the course of several visits. If you can go a few miles down the road, the Sand Lake location on I-drive is much better.
This Mc Donald's it's always really slow. Simple orders like a Quarter Pound and Mc Nuggets can take forever. I'm already waiting 40 minutes on Curbside Pickup and nothing. It already happened sometimes, I will not come back to this Mc Donald's anymore. Terrible customer service.
Sat in the drive thru for 30 minutes before being able to order. Part of the delay was due to another car deciding thier time was more valuable by cutting the line so it pushed three other cars besides mine back in line. Two other cars followed suit so we couldn't even leave when we wanted to and were forced to stay and order because we along with the traffic trying to leave the parking lot was blocked in. When I called to complain while forced to stay in line I was on hold for 6 minutes before hanging up because the manager didnt want to answer my call
Unbelievably poor service. Ordered 3 items. 2 bagged immediately but then waited 15 mins for final item - a double cheeseburger. By this time first 2 items cold so asked for a fresh re order.  30 mins later! Walked out with barely an apology. Given the numerous bad reviews for this outlet you would expect a change in personnel. Avoid if you can, don't expect if you cannot.
Normally visit this location 4 out of 7 days a week usually early mornings and staff dont seem to want to be there which is ok because it is early 530am. On 4/21/19 the frappe machine is down for cleaning at 5am, and now on 4/22/19 the system is completely down. It's becoming a place that isn't dependable.
Just went through the drive thru and literally was in line for about 20 mins start to finish. For being a fast food they are super slow. They are in the heart of Orland and do not do a good job. My French fries were cold. One of my kids drink was empty and the cookies I ordered were completely wrong. I would suggest going to q near by restaurant which they have faster service than these people.
This has got to be the most improved McDonald   s in the area. While the others are slowly deteriorating, this one maintains its beauty!! Everybody is always working hard and the inside is so clean. If it takes long that just means they ½ï¿
What a horrible experience. I sat at the front counter for over 15 mins for utensils and sauce on Dec 21st at 9:45pm. The so called manager and the employees never once acknowledged me nor other customers that walked up for assistance with their orders that THEY messed up. Honestly the manager should be fired or retrained she had no customer service skills or manager skills at that. This mcdonalds makes the rest look bad.
"Good luck being served if you have questions about allergies. We asked one of the employees to check the ingredients of the chicken nuggets to make sure there were no dairy allergens. He asked his manager to check. She straight out refused. We couldn't even complete one of our orders.

30 minutes after placing our other order, we received fries so cold, when I went up to the front to get fresh ones, I didn't even have to say anything. One of the employees brought me new ones automatically after the manager ignored my presence.

The bathrooms were nasty, the tables were dirty, every trash can was over flowing, and the whole lobby smelled like rotten fish. This is easily the worst McDonalds in Orlando."
The rep did not my order correct after I repeated it to him twice. When I got to the pick up window I told the rep I was missing nuggets and she said I was not charged for it. I told her that I would pay for it and said it was ok. She then gave me a 10 piece nugget instead of 6 I don't know where she got those nuggets from but they were ice cold. I felt so bad because my son bit into them and was so disappointed. Although I was less than a minute away I refused to go back because I felt that was done spitefully.  Usually go to this location at least 4 times but will NEVER return and encourage any one I know to skip this location
What a waste of time we were there in line for more than 30 minutes. The woman at the window asked for our receipt and still did not get the order correct. We spent 5 minutes at pick up trying to get it corrected . When I asked for my re eipt back she told me she lost it. When I said I wanted the Manager she slammed the window shut. The manager  said she put the order together from the receipt. He stated the order screen only holds orders for 25 minutes. Not sure what to think McDonalds at this location in the later evening I would suggest do not stop find another. 
Horrible service- stood there for 20 minutes trying to pay 6.00 for my food. Manager was talking to one customer ignoring others, workers were in back play fighting. Drive through line was around the building and over 12 customers in line. After 20 minutes, asked if I could pay manager when she finally came by  register- she told me I would have to wait very rudley and walked away. She was very ride to customer in front of me also who had waited longer for his food. Will never go back there and advise others to avoid this mcdonalds.
We shouldn't  even be waiting for fast food more than 40 minutes . For order of chicken nuggets. Please . Also they wanted to give us watered down drinks . I mean i know fast food   isn't easy but damn 40 minutes really give me a break. Staff is extreamly slow. Won't  be back.
How hard is it to give us the unsweetened tea we ordered instead of sweet tea. We got on the hwy, took the first sip and realized the ineptitude of the staff. Too late to turn around...
Waited 40 minutes in the drive thru, and then they started turning cars away. Would've loved to go somewhere else, but the options were sparse at 1 AM. Got up to the window and the manager literally didnt even care about the horrible service.
Horrible food.....bag the  chicken sandwich came in had a disgusting almost like a gasoline smell.....and the sandwich was not warm at all....and the sandwich tasted like it had been sitting around for a very good amount of time....I threw it away immediately and spit out the bite I had in my mouth....disgusting... disappointing...and I stopped visiting the McDonald's on hwy 29 Cantonment because of bad food and sloppy service...and this one on pine forest rd Pensacola..will be on my McDonald's never to visit too......
Waited in line for 30+ mins to get to order and they said that everything was broken and were taking cash only. Nice. I wasn't even mad, just disappointed.
"I   d like to start off by saying so far I love the employees they have great attitudes, they act professional and real kind.

So, I stop by almost every morning and have come to realize their apples pies are often hard as a rock. This is becoming to be a real problem at this location. They also don   t put the     best by     stickers on them     Iï¿½ï¿"
This location gets super busy, but the staff seems to take it all.in stride. They are all very nice and polite. I had a good experinece here and would go back, even though they forgot the pickles on my cheeseburger. That makes the McDonalds Cheeseburger.
"Although McDonald's chain is known for it great customer service and fast delivery, however this outlet is different.
They are usually late in service even they are a very few customers.
Moreover, they have less no of options of eatables including snacks and beverages. Sometimes their machines do not work and customers have to wait to make payment."
If I could give this less than 1 star I absolutely would! I spent 30 minutes in line just to get 2 meals and 2 ice creams for my kids. Waited 15 minutes just to pay and another 15+ to get our food. Will NEVER recommend this location to anyone. The sad part, I didn't have high expectations because it was late on a Saturday night and all of the theme parks were letting out and even my low expectations were shattered.
Warning avoid this location at all costs.Truly one of the worst McDonald's in the nation. There's always an issue in the drive-through there's always an issue when you go inside the store. The staff is not friendly not greeting when you walk in the door they have no idea what the 3' ruled is. Whoever their trainer is should be ashame when they have the McDonald's conference in Orlando Florida. If I could give them negative stars I would. When you go through the drive-through there is not a proper greeting. It as is if you are bothering the attendant taking your order. There is no quality service. It's all about quantity, instead of quality.
Employees I dealt with were rude. When they got our order wrong they tried to blame it on us not ordering right. We showed them the receipt and still refused to admit they were wrong. The girl went to the back and came back with the right order, didn't say anything or make eye contact, just handed me the bag. This is the rudest I have ever been treated at any establishment, fast food or not. I recommend everyone drive a little farther up the road to the next McDonald's than deal with what I had to deal with.
Absolutely one of the worst experiences ever at McDonald's. Ordered a ice coffee and cappuccino at 10:13 pm..waited and waited..drive through backed up, 20-30 people inside waiting, absolute chaos. Finally at 10:47pm the lady asked what I ordered and made them so I could leave. Literally 35 minutes for coffee. Horrible experience, short staffed and totally out of control.
I usually frequent McDonald's at least once a week, whether its to grab a coffee or get some pancakes for my little one. This visit was probably the worst I've experienced. I ordered my food at 9:11AM - A mcgriddle, a coffee, and two hashbrowns. Once I paid I was immediately told to go to #1, so I did. After waiting until 9:30AM with no one in the drive thru line anymore I went back around where a female with red hair came walking out with a guy who looked like they knew each other. After handing me my bag, I asked about my drink and she said "What drink", I said the coffee that's listed on the ticket you provided me along with the receipt. She said okay and then CONTINUED to hold a conversation with the guy standing right in front of me. I waited an additional 2 minutes and she was still talking and laughing with the guy while me, a customer was watching her and patiently waiting for my coffee. Needless to say, my patience went thin and I told her to forget about it and I had to leave. I paid for something I never received and was treated with the most disrespect in my book. Coming from a long time McDonalds customer, I wont be back again.
Super friendly place! Yvette was our CSR today and she was very friendly and helpful.  Really clean too  which is surprising because it's been raining for hours.  Great location too!
So fun! The playground is HUGE! There   s also an arcade and shopping inside. My kids thought the elevator was neat to ride in a Mc
Wish I could give a ZERO... food was horrible and the whole order was wrong.. paid extra for cheese no cheese no mayonnaise on anything. Food was cold and to top it off the dime size tomatoes on each sandwich 7 sandwiches and 2 were right.. cant post the pictures on here or I would.. service unacceptable
Good food. Good service.
There was one car in front of me when I pulled up at 5am. More than 20 minutes for a single egg mcmuffin. I was given no explanation or apology for the wait either. I'm honestly appalled at the poor service, especially at such a nice location. I will literally never come here ever again.
Don't know why, but ever since the rebuild of this site, the burgers are unbearable. Never juicy, dry and unfavorable as can be... From the little burgers to the quarter pounder, it's the same. Doesn't even taste like meat anymore. They had the same problem with the nuggets at first but that got better after a few months, but we'll over a year now, and the burgers are just like eating flavored cardboard. What happened?
I love this McDonald's.  It's across from Hilton Orlando.  They got good deals for breakfast and during the day.  The quality is amazing.... Way beyond what I expected.  The McCafe drinks were so good...not water down like those in NYC.  I am giving this place 5 stars if you want cheap meals that fill you up!!!
I loved your pepperoni pizza and California suhshi. Highly recommend this clinic.
Ordered a spicy chicken sandwich....bit  into the sandwich and it was a bit hard to chew the sandwich was undercooked.... not happy with this at all.
It was already a bad experience from the moment I met the window attendant at Pickup 1.  She told me we ran out of eggs and just left me there at the window without telling me they were making more. Then she came back s few minutes later and handed me my food(Big Breakfast which is supposed to come with OJ) and I asked for salt and pepper and she said it was already in the bag, which it is NOT, and then shut the window in my face. The meat wasn   t fully cooked and the eggs still runnie. I walked in to find out she is the actual manager. I told her I was about to shut the window in my face, I was gonna ask for Ketchup. She then snarkley replied I didn   t shut the window in your face! Have a nice day! ½ï¿½
"Just went through the drive thru, young lady at payment window needs additional training on what is considered proper customer care.  She was having a full on conversation with a coworker related to a personal matter (candy she had sitting on the counter next to her), the other coworker indicated she had a customer to which she stated "" I dont care"".  She continued her conversation leaving me sitting there until she finished. Never said hello or thank you.
Once I received my food it was in a bag dripping with grease.
I should have driven a quarter mile up the road to Wendys.
Shameful"
It was awful!!!! 45 min to get lunch! Lines of people complaining.  No ice in the soda machine.  Told them we wanted are money  back ! They found are food
Spent over 30 minutes waiting in line at the drive thru at around 9 pm. Finally placed my order of 2 egg mcmuffins. Recieved 2 egg mcmuffins that must of been sitting since the morning hours from breakfast. The white portion of the egg was almost black. They are supposed to make them fresh after breakfast hours not serve on from 12 hours prior.
Horrible service... waited over 40 min for my cold food! No one wanted to speak up but i did, manager turns around and tells me we are short staffed but no excuse for them dragging their feet and cracking jokes to each other...total opposite of a FAST food joint. I would of had better luck and service an actual sit down place..
Store is unprofessional not open during business hours. When does that happen at mcdonalds. Not a good look.
HORRIBLE! It took 54 mins to get our food and then it was nasty. We watched the manager mix sweet and unsweet to fill a mans tea. Noone ever asked for our order so we pulled forward at the window. Will NEVER stop at this location on our way home from Seaworld. EVER!
I don't like self order machines
"Our order was messed two days in a row when visiting this McD on vacation.

The first day they rang up our at the drive thru incorrectly AND didn   t even match the incorrectly charged order. Second day we ordered at the kiosk inside and they didn   t give us 2 of the items we ordered (an apple pie and hashbrown).

Not sure if there ½ï"
Slow no one is ever quick to assist. Recommended i go to kiosk every visit. Restroom was filthy lobby and fries were made fresh twice was burnt looking coming out of the oil. Nasty coffee. It was ok. Oh mananger was rude no thank you after i said thank you.
WORST MCDONALD'S EVER!!!! unfortunately I cannot leave less then 1 star. They have 10 automatic screens to place your order from, but only if you want breakfast, cant order lunch from them. A completely waste of my time and money! Your better off going across the street to Burger King and getting a whopper!!!!
Wrong order through the drive thru. Doesnt surprise me any more with this location. Glad I'm not allergic to the items I requested to be removed.
Best Mcdonalds in FL, yet. Quick story, I came to order a quick meal because I missed a bus. Almost fell out and no one engaged me about it. Understandable. So I ordered a meal as well because it was well maintained inside-out. Looking for a good restaurant?! This location knows hospitality. Lol
Dirtiest McDonald's we've ever been in, but the food was fine.  Delayed flight so this was the only thing open at 3 a.m. The lobby was open and someone was in the process of cleaning it, she was friendly too. You can only order at a kiosk, which was new to us.
"The ONLY reason I gave this place one star is because I couldn't give it ZERO!
we ordered on a kiosk at McDonald's because the counter line was too long.  Come to find out it's because the kiosks weren't taking payment?  I then proceeded to wait in line FOR AN HOUR to just PAY for my food.  When I asked for a refund for my friend's food the manager pointed at food that had been sitting there no less than 10 mins and said ""it's coming.""  Uh, no!  Needless to say we got our refund and ended up going across the street to iHOP instead.  Shout out to the waiter at iHOP and the whole staff for doing so much better than McDonald's!"
Employees just hate being there. Not one person said thank you, please you are welcome. Just What's Your Order, Pull around, here. Put people who actually want to work and a friendly. Its not that hard!
Horrible customer service tried to order at the register and the manager talked to me like I was a child and had to order at the kiosk. Mean while half the kiosk in the building was not working.
One of my worst experiences at a McDonalds ever.   I waited in a line at the drive through for 20  minutes.  Get to the first window where I hand them my card and end up paying for someone else's order.   Waited longer to correct that situation.  The order at the window was wrong.  Waited some more for that to be corrected.  Finally the lid to my soda wasn't on so when I went to grab it in the car the lid popped off the cup and spilled all over me.
It took 26 minutes for them to make 5 double cheeseburgers. I asked the manager Daniel why, he said they just completed a large online order. I told him this was the 2nd time in a month I had to wait an outrageous time for fast food and he just starred at me blankly. Eventually Daniel told me I was holding him up and making other people wait. I thought that was pretty rude and unconstructive for a manager to say. Terrible location, regardless of how busy it is, it almost always looks like a warzone inside with trash everywhere and nasty, dirty tables, and the wait time for food can be really ridiculous and on top of all that the staff is rude.
Seriously you have one job? Ordered a stake egg and cheese on a bagel they served it on a biscuit. Ordered a egg McMuffin, served a Sausage egg McMuffin?? Best part about it. A MANAGER walked it out to my car. Y ½ï
I went through the drive-thru the drive-thru was closed so I came in the kiosk was not working right and the lady would not take my order so I left
We went here for breakfast. The place could have been cleaner and the staff seemed a bit clueless; they missed the coffee from our order and also missed some items from the order of people sitting next to us. You'd be much better off going to Friendly's or Dunkin Donuts on International Drive.
Worst experience been waiting in the dining room with it full during COVID  for the last 20 mins with no help from manager two employees just sitting on their phone not one person has enknowledge anyone who waiting for their food they haven   t asked for anyone order number that is waiting or trying to push people   s food out I have been waiting for 20 mins they walked passed me as I was tryin
New and clean but horrible service
Super impolite drive thru and cashier. We had to repeat the order three times bc she was talking to someone else and they didn ½ï¿
It's McDonald's, doesn't matter the city the food is all the same. 2 double cheeseburgers and a fry. Perfect lunch on the go.
"The manager at this location is Mike. I was the only person in the drive through. Mike opens the window and hands me my food and walks away. I looked him right in the eye and asked for BBQ sauce. This is how little Mike cares about his job and helping his customers.

Pure laziness at this location!!"
Terrible processed unhealthy food that squarely contributes to the diabetic and obesity epidemic especially with the underprivileged.  Went only as an emergency.
The McDonald   s experience is that you can find the same on every single establishment but what really makes a difference and makes you come back is the way the employees treat the customers, on this specific McDonals the manager (Timothy) makes such a good j
We went for breakfast before going to Aquatica. The service was fast and good. Everyone was nice and helpful and our food came out fast and hot. Everything you want when you come here!
We went here late night after EDC. Around 2am, we waited about an hour to get our food. Whatever its the night of EDC so it was crowded ok. In a 22$ order, we were missing 2 items equaling 8$ and a sweet and sour sauce that they charged me 2$ for. After going back and telling them what happened, they argued. I eventually got the egg sandwich and double bacon cheeseburger, which ended up having no bacon. Still never got that 2$ sweet and sour.
Ordered my food of four items and they did not have my order right the first time.  Still the self-order kiosks do have some getting used to and they don't have the option to pay cash; have to go to the cashier.  Food was good.
We stopped for an annual/anniversary shamrock shake and they didn   t have shamrock shakes!!! On St. Patrick ½ï
at Night, they didn't give happy meal drink. they have a sign for if they don't  offer new dessert, they will give a free dessert. But they never mention about it. So, I requested them to give a free dessert. They don't want to give a free dessert..
They still serve pizza and pasta at this location. Plus a huge arcade with a prize counter to redeem tickets is upstairs.
By far the rudest customer service I have ever encountered. I went around 3:32am on Sunday went to the drive through my husband asked what comes with the crispy tenders meal she responded so rudely "ugh fries and a drink what else" he laugh and asked if she had a long shift cause that was really sarcastic and again she responded rudely " cause who doesn't know that".  I don't work at McDonald why should I know what comes with a meal every place is different regardless it's no excuse to be rude to a customer.
Very nice customer service! Helping, and making my family feel welcomed! Maria was the best help! 
No napkins inside and the buns on the sandwiches we ordered were on hard buns....the sandwich and nuggets we ordered tasted like they were made a few hours ago.....I don't think I'll be coming again
Hire more staffing during evening hours. Waited about 25 min with only about 4 cars ahead of me before finally giving up. Be more proactive and tell customers if there will be a long wait.
Order from the kiosks cause all the POS were unmanned and closed. Paying by cash made this a pain but not only that as everyone else was ordering and having thier order number shouted across the restaurant we waited and waited until after 30 mins got uo to ask how our order wasnt called or even on the board we were told we had to queue to replace the order and pay. Utter farce after being here multiple times and having no problems this was a shambles and insulting
Fantastic staff, manager and food. Far beyond any other Maccas I've been to
Not gonna lie, this one was a little rough. It was hard to tell what was going on but after waiting 15 minutes in the drive thru without any movement I went inside and waited 20 mins more. Apparently there was some security issue involving the police. Either way, I was there way longer than I wanted to be... and the fries had 0 things of salt on them.
Can only order from the Kiosk but no tells you that.  No in restaurant dinning. Saturday night was very busy and the people waiting seem very unhappy. There were no real human interaction just order number 1786.
They were out of chicken and ice cream. Waited 40 minutes on the drive thru to get our food. Cash only. Their credit card system was down.
Went to this McDonald   s at 130 am
had me waiting a whole hour on doordash just to cancel my order horrible service do better or try
Long lines here since it's in a tourist area, but the service was friendly and the food was hot. Just be prepared to wait in line for a while.
We are British but never had the same problem on our many visits to Florida. He persons taking our order just didn't understand what we were asking for. Very frustrating seeing as our language is almost identical
The best McDonald's I've ever been to, hands down. My kids could play in the play area for hours. The made to order omelette, served to me at my table on a China plate, was delicious. The staff are overly gracious and professional. If you have been to Orlando and not stopped here you are missing out!
We ordered on the online tablet and we sat down and waited for 15 minutes and got tired of waiting so we went to the front and was told that our food was given to us ten minutes ago and it wasn't clearly. They remade the order and of course it was incorrect so I had to go and get them to fix it again.
No inside seating. Rude employees that barely noticed I was there. No napkins in my bag and no one asked or seemed to care if I needed any. I had to remind them my meal came with a drink.
It was a little pricey. Just like eating in a real restaurant. $50 for a family of 4. But I'm sure it cheaper if you get normal meau things. We got noodles and pizza. It was plenty of food for the price.
The single NICEST McDonald's I've ever been to!!  And that includes the location on the Disney property complex.  2 floors, massive play area for kids, full arcade, elevator, and the bring the food to you.  Glad to see the owners transform this place.  Well done!!
Very poor. 22 minutes of waiting on my order to be wrong and it was sitting on the back counter the whole time. Didn't say anything because I knew I hadn't ordered what was on the tray. Employees only wanted to do one thing and passing the buck to someone else. The kiosks don't work properly. The line to get your money is quick enough but the wait is ridiculous. Only 6 words of English amongst the whole crew. "Thand you" "I sorry" "Come again". Wel here are 2 more for you, Never Again!
Never ever had service like this in a maccies! Don't know if it was had a convention on next door, but was outstanding!
Probably the nicest McDonald's I've been too. Staff was super nice and really trying their best to make happy customer's and smiles. We even got to try free blueberry pies! (The pies were AWESOME!!)
Often very slow bc of the flood of people. Thirty minute wait for fast food is crazy. If you use the mobile app, stick to drive thru. I waited 30 minutes for curbside pick up and 25 minutes in lobby. I recommend getting back in your car and going to Chick-fil-A. You   ll be there and back with your food before anything hap
"No card acepted
Have men ½ï¿½"
This has to be the WORST experience ever at a fast food place. We used the kiosk and were thrilled because we placed the order faster than the workers that were ignoring us at the counter. THEN they only brought 1/4 of our order. Forgot our 4 McCafe drinks and condiments. Then when one of the teenagers told someone at the counter, he was told to ask someone else. Really? You want $15/hr for this? I had low expectations because no McDonalds gets the order right but damn.
So I never thought I would be reviewing a McDonald's,  because well its McDonalds.  However, I was in town for a conference and grabbed a quick lunch in between sessions.  The food was typical McDs, but every staff member was just so friendly and helpful.  Granted I dont eat at inside McDs often, but I have never been so delighted and cared for ar one.  Greeted as I walked in, ordered from kiosks, food delivered to me, staff member checked on how my food was and wished well by members as I left.  McDs needs to bottle up the service from this location and send to all.  Cheers.
Make me wait over 25 min and still get my order wrong, if you want to get upset go to this drive through!
Super slow to get food.  It appears drive thru got all the attention.  15 minutes to get food is too long.  Also when I order a breakfast meal with a soda I want the choice to get a larger drink when they are all the same price
I would rate it a 1 star but people would not take my review seriously. I visited this restaurant last night. It was very clean including the bathroom. At this time there was one cashier with a huge line and a bunch of people waiting for their order. The cashier was overloaded and the manager told everyone to order at the kiosks and not the register. This wasn't possible because nobody could pay at the kiosk; they had to get a receipt and pay at the register. I left 20 minutes later and went to Wendy's when the line had barely moved.
Terrible. Sign says 24hrs. Door says till 3am. Was denied service at 10:30pm. Attitude was horrible.
I   ve had one really positive experience at this McDonald   s and one really negative. First time they were super fa
Rude and drinks and food was wrong.  Asked for sauce for nuggets, handed 2 of them and window closed on us and the drive thru person walked away
So disappointing.Place is terrible.The food is even worse.Took the family and ordered.Food was cold,hamburger rolls were hard and fries were cold.I will not be coming back to this location.
Avoid drive thru like the plaque.  2nd night queueing for over 40 mins.
If I could give this place a 0 star rating, I would. I work late and sometimes don   t feel like cooking when I get home, so I stop at this McDonald   s occasionally. But, 99% of the time they only take CASH! Which I   ve never heard of in my entire life. Tonight at 12:25 am on 05/27 I was getting off of work, hungry. So, stopped at this awful place. WAITED for over 20 minutes in drive thru to just be tol
We had to wait about an hour to get our food that we already paid at one of those"self order screens", it was supposed to be faster but it was a waste of time. Fast food? What a shame guys, you can do better!
New system of ordering at kiosks is aweful. Despite the most important thing to me being wanting to order with a human being, ordering at the kiosk took longer and was more difficult than ordering with a human...and I wanted to pay cash which required I go to a cashier after ordering at the kiosk, very frustrating. Also, the new fountain drink machines are equally aweful, I will never order a drink from a machine that dispenses all drinks from one spout because no matter what you dispense it always tastes like a mix of more than one drink. Why has McDonalds chosen to fix what wasn't broken and use systems and machines which customers so clearly dislike?
Sorry, coffee was horrible, 3 of us threw it away. Pancakes were rock hard. I cannot find the 1 I visited the other day. They had the McMuffin 2 for $3.50. Excellent service and food was good
Not Brother bringing food food to table,long wait and don 
Hi-Tech = SLOOOOWWW 20 minutes into waiting for a 1 person order as the employee screams out order numbers without the table number locator.  Slowest McD ever and shouting employees because of a bad system.  Not 1 person whiping the soiled floor or tables. Pretty bad
bad service, they don't respect the time indicated on the sign, mc Donald's disrespect for the customer, constantly decay
"They ignore me at drive in and they serve 5 cars that came after
Finally when shes5 answer I ask nice why she didn't serve me and she ignore me again
Never ever recommend 0 Zero review for this place"
"Clean, roomy and just a wonderful eatery!

The food was good and the staff was great. I usually dont eat at McDonalds due to the ones around my house being rather run down looking and dirty.

This was a pleasant surprise."
This is not the worlds biggest McDonald 
Horrible service!!! Whoever that moronic lady working the counter register at 11:50 pm on August 15th, 2018 is, she should be shoved into a corner of the rear of the store indefinitely!!! The fact that she couldn   t grasp the English language isn   t even the worst of if. On top of that, she had an attitude and acted like her doing her job was an inconvenience! I get it, it 
Nice staff, quick service
No hand sanitizer. Biscuit was dry and hard. Staff wanted me to take a number to place on table, but I refused. No telling how many millions of ppl held that thing. The germs. Ugh!
It was really bad, the chicken wasn't good, didn't salt fries, forgot the sauce, and when I ask for it, he gave it to the person next to me!
New kiosk-based ordering can be a little daunting at first.  But, it does seem to speed things up.  The food is what you've come to expect from McDonald's.  It didn't disappoint.
Terrible service, I order a few things and had to wait over 20 minutes in order to receive my items. No one approached me and another guy when we were standing at the cashier for over 10 minutes. Not even the managers. I had to ask one of the employees if they actually had a cashier.
Good food
Worst McDonald's experience  ever.  Silent 25 mins in drive thru.  When ordering we were advised could not sub drink in meal with McFlurry and had to purchase separately.  When finally making to window to pay, they couldn't 'find' my order.  For this to be in a Prime location in Orlando,  they completely failed the meaning of fast food.
Never had such a terrible experience at a restaurant which is a big deal for me to say since my 3 year old is allergic to many things.  This morning around 12:28 am 11/24/18 when asked the very standard " may I see the food allergy menu" or since that wasn't available, "would you mind checking the ingredients on the package while I wait to place my order while others go ahead" the cashier was told by the manager right in front of me that she would not get the menu nor would she check the ingredients and went right back to laughing and carrying on with another employee.  The same manager stood around looking at others needing help during the rush without any movement or intention to step in for her team or their long waiting customers.  The entire place was in disarray from the back to the front with filthy tables, floors, and bathrooms.  Every trash can in the place was overflowing and the pungent smells both in the lobby and the restrooms were enough to make anyone lose their appetite.  Black Friday or not... absolutely unacceptable brazen behavior from management that I would never tolerate under any circumstance from my own team at any level of the company.  Zero stars...would not recommend.
Stopped in to get breakfast and there was mold on my bagel and the oil must haven't been changed in a while because the hash browns tasted like old oil instead of hash browns. Never will stop there again.
Bathroom it was a disgraceful experience. Lobby tables dirty. Drinking fountain super dirty. Hamburger box came oily. Unfortunately, it was NOT a great experience and cleaning McDonald's. Better to give up on McDonald's for once and for ALL. You can base a restaurant by their bathrooms.
Late last minute 12am food run....McDonald's is pretty much the way to go lol.
Best Mcdonalds I've ever been too. Way better then the ones in Alabama. They use a machine for ordering,  making customizing your burger easy. Pretty neat, pretty neat. If you like Mcdonald's you'll like this place.
I ordered 20pc. Nuggets received 10pc. Nuggets(BAD IN ORDERS). I ordered pasta and what I got was more sauce than actual pasta. I had to ask for my cups because they they give it to me. I recommend to not come here if you dont want to stress out. BAD SERVICE.
Clean Restaurant and friendly staff. You can tell they are working hard to make sure your orders is perfect. Thx.
The employee's are nice, location is always dirty. Tables have to be clean more often. The food quality has gotten better.
This McDonald's location used to be great. Since their renovation it's been just a disaster. Customer service is non existent, managers and staff are all in the kitchen pushing food out. No one at the front to help, just disgraceful...
This place deserves no stars. My order, which was just a sandwich, was messed up three times and it still wasn't right. The staff was lazy and unhelpful. There was trash on the tables and filthy floors. Definitely no smiles served at this establishment!
Had to order on the tablet screen. Then I was told to take a number to my table and it would be brought out. They never brought it out and I had to go ask for it at the counter 10 minutes later.
"This McDonalds location is significantly updated on the interior featuring subway tile walls and designed seating.  Also has several self-order kiosks. However, one staff member was very adamant about everyone, both young and old, using the self order kiosk which easily took longer and was less efficient than than ordering at the counter.

One plus to this location is the plentiful parking lot behind the building"
Picked the wrong lane and did not get asked for my order as 3 cars passes by in the other order lane. I pulled up and the manager told me I had to pay inside. It took 30 minutes to order and get my food. Horrible.
Ok, so everytime me and my family come to this place is a disaster because we have to wait a lot on the drive thru, I mean a lot of time waiting and they usually have us the wrong order. The service is not that good either, they have a rude attitude.
They are the first McDonald's to get an order right the first time and not make you park. Food was hot and fresh! Cudos to this McDonald's! Anytime I visit, I'll be sure to go to this one.
Order is wrong everytime i have went or missing items!
They ran out often, get here early if you want a full selection.  Otherwise nice staff, and clean restrooms.
OMG!! I can   t believe they ran out of Fountain Drinks and McNuggets on a Saturday night!! They don ½
Everyone knows what to eat at Mc Donald's. The location is clean, fast service.
This was the worst experience I have ever had! It took 20 minutes to get our order and another 20 minutes to get our correct order.
Plug ins dont work also took 20mins to order, the cashier was just standing in the back. Asked about the plugs in, she told us that it's not their problem. Horrible service
This McDonald   s needs work. By far the worst, and most over cooked food I   ve ever had. Just bought a cheeseburger and it tastes and looks like it was reheated in the microwave. The worke
"This McDonalds has kiosk only ordering. It's a good idea, you order, grab a number and sit down. If you are getting a "" to go"" order, they tell out your name.  I wish there was a more modern way to know your order is ready
A pager or digital board instead of someone telling out names."
Slow service. They even work with one hand . If we didn't asked for our food after waiting 40 mins , it was just going to be sitting in the kitchen. The place was packed and the service was slow.
Didn't even get to eat line never moved and I left after waiting 20 min
Stopped in here on January 24th 2018 and ordered at the counter, a signature classic grilled signature sriacha chicken sandwich with an artisan bun. Paid for my order and waited. When my order was ready it was handed to me in a bag.I asked for ketchup and proceeded to a table to enjoy my meal. First off tge fries were crispy which I prefer, but they were old and not at all indicative of the worlds best fries. I took out my sandwich took bite and noticed sesame seeds in the box. I Checked my receipt to confirm that my sandwich should gave had the artisan bun, proceeded to the counter  to correct the problem with my order to be told tgey were out of artisan buns. I was pissed and walked off. I finished my meal, went to refill my drink and spoke with a man in yellow shirt and tie behind the counter about how terrible that the one woman knew there were no artisan buns but the order taker at the register knew nothing about it as well as the girl who gave me my food. Someone should have confirmed that the sesame seed bun would meet my approval. And I notified him this kind of service was not indicative pf McDonald's and that I would be callong corporate. The following day I contacted McDonald's corporate who passed on my complaint to the restaurant location. I received a call from Rose who apologized for the problem with the order and asked that I come back and give them the opportunity to make tge meal properly per my request. I stopped in on Friday January 26th and Emma made sure that the meal was prepared to the standards I believe McDonald's is known. The sandwich was flavorful with the artisan roll and the fries were hot and fresh. Thanks so much for taking the initiative to prepare my meal to the high quality McDonald's is known to deliver.
Awful employees they all talk way to much to one another instead of getting their jobs done. None of them work together to accomplish any work task and who ever works the front ordering station is not well at their job
"Two days in a row while attending a convention nearby I stopped for a quick breakfast. They don't listen .... they don't care ... and they DON'T GET IT RIGHT.

I've repeated my request for something simple so many times in one day they should be paying me for the teaching experience. Product and service have sucked both days.

IHOP is acrossl the street. They listen. They get it right."
Biggest McDonald   s in America with an extended menu arcade and play area ! It is a Must go! .. just not now lol play area is currently closed due to COVID and arcade area needs a little tlc (a little wipe down on dust
Great place to go grab a meal!
Great place for kids and it has pizza...
I give 3 cuz theyre advertising shamrock shakes and had none either byvway of being soldout or not participating
Really poor level of service. Waited over 20 mins for a quarter pounder :-(
They got it right! I order double quarter pounder all the time no cheese no bun everywhere I go . I never get that. It's always a debacle. This McDonald's got me! Thanks guys! Nice Manager too!
"Ordered the Quarter pounders deluxe with cheese no pickle and one with no onion.
They both had no lettuce and tomato on them. I call them about it and they were glad to replace them. I go back and 10mims later we get hot fries and two sandwiches but both had onions and pickles on them..
#nevergetitright #McDonalds"
I want to give this place 0 stars - the self ordering system is inefficient and way more confusing than it has to be, and staff is unprepared. Not their fault. They need training but as is right now it's awful. Took us an hour and a half to get two meals. Ridiculous.
Sweet tea is amazing!!
extremely busy/highly understaffed. waited 1 hr in drive thru (last resort) for my food. this is not fast food.
food was nice and fresh though a couple of the workers where rude to customers and staff too which isn't good at all
Curbside doesn't exist. It's just a waste of time as you still have to go in and  when you try to go in, the doors are locked.. Most ridiculous experience ever!
Crowded... long waiting list...
Ordered quarter pounder on 2 different nights and both times burger was still raw in the middle. Totally unacceptable for place that sells food. Stay away unless you want E. Coli poisoning.
Employees just talk amongst themselves not fulfilling orders or payments as we sit in the driveways like dummies waiting for a bag of cold food. Thanks guys...all 3 times (different days and times)
the food was good but the pineapple smoothie did not taste like pineapple smoothie.  taste like ice only.
Great place to eat anytime. Affordable good quality. Couteous and fast service always. I really like the self service order
Past 2 recent visits my order has been incorrect and required remakes.  They have a lot of employees and all are doing their own thing.  Not an example of fast food.
It has been 20+ min and im still sitting here as I am writing this waiting for my food. And the employees seem too busy to acknowledge your presence half the time when you are trying to speak to them.
I stopped in this McDonald's because it was on my way home. The manager did not want to help me and kept sending me to the kiosk to place my order. Now i was looking to ask a question but she turned around and didn't even want to acknowledge that I was there and kept telling the other workers i had to go to the kiosk.  If there isn't anyone available to help answer a question there should be a phone to pick up and ask for help. She was so rude.
Cold food, expensive to take advantage of the tourists and poor service
Dude got my order wrong, asked for the double fish but got a single. I didn't notice until I got back to my hotel. He did seem new so
For a prime, busy, tourist filled location, the processes and procedures at this McDonalds are absolutely terrible.  Many of the self-ordering machines do not work, when you use a normal line with a cashier, it's like the employees have never even been to a McDonald's before as they don't even know the menu items (I ordered traditional chicken nuggets meal, so it wasn't pasta, or some sandwich that only special locations have).  When you order at a kiosk, you can order things they do not have such as a waffle cone ice cream.  Then you wait 15+ minutes to find out they don't have waffle cones and wait for an employee to make a fresh one, which she doesn't know how to do so you end up paying $4+ for a cup of ice cream.  I did get my money back for the ice cream because I couldn't believe it took that long.  Don't bother going here; it's not worth it, unless you want to feel like you're waiting at Disney at a subpar place.
Can't even take an order correctly! Couldn't repeat the order back or even put it on the screen for us to review.
I decided to eat here late at night (around 11:30) during a leadership conference at the Hilton Orlando hotel down the street. Quite a few people had the same idea as I did to eat late. At least 30 people had ordered and were waiting for food. Very tight space to move around during a busy time. Very unorganized and waited 30 minutes to get my food.
Waiting for someone to take my order.. 5 minutes later told to use the screen.. no thanks.. I don't work for mcdonalds.. Im the one with the money making the purchase.. I appreciate the option of the screen should there be a long line, but for me to fiddle through all that garbage because no one can take the order.. no thanks.. there are far too many other options out there.. bye mcdonalds., no loss..
Very slow service, took over 10 minutes to get two coffee's and cakes despite there being hardly any customers. Also restroom's were dirty.
Waited 20 min for a qtr pounder at 3am only to witness a worker scrape the onions off my burger with her bare hands I asked for a new burger she argued that I didn't see her do this  absolutely unacceptable
Often gets extremely busy and staff cannot handle it. Good food. Mixed service. Jose very friendly. Cleanliness good.
My fries where overcooked hard and greasy and the manager who brought our food to us spilled my drink on me never compensated I will not be returning. By far the worst McDonald's I ever been to ...your team is only as good as your team leader and this place has a very bad team leader
They're pretty fast, didnt have to wait in a parkingspot for the food like at many other McDonalds. They had it ready at the window. But the fries were luke warm and stale
Very good we had icecreem, it was good sitting area .
You can not get service at the front counter. They only cater to drive thru and kiosk. Past 2 weeks have stopped and after 10 mins no one would take order after having 3mgr look at you
Clean place. They have cool machines so you can order yourself but I couldn't figure out how to use it which was surprising to me. It was faster to order at the counter with a cashier.
Food was oh so fresh I don't even eat mc Donald's
Went in for breakfast on a Monday morning. Went inside, pretty empty. No line for drive thru. It's one of the new touch-screen style McDonald's, service was fast and easy.
Service is not good. They don't pay attention to orders. Give you wrong food. They need to slow it down a bit. It says fast food but give us the right food plz
Pretty cool but didn   t drive a 4 hour drive to for the cashier to catch a attitude wi
Extremely slow! Gave a free drink but didn ½ï
This place is really clean but the service was awlful my food was cold n they don't HV a dollar menu  
Close at 9 bc they are understaffed. But nobody get on the com after 8:30.
Very over priced, but did bump into my nan so we did have a good catch up about Corrie, but there is a much better place near, BURGER KING. The straws are thicker and the drinks are cooler. I would of gave macdonalds 3 stars but the old women in front of me how took 2 mins and 47 seconds to decide. Yes I counted. Drew the final straw.
Used the drive thru. Ordered three large fries. Paid for three large fries. Received only two large fries, and no receipt was given to me, so I couldn't go in and prove that I ordered three.
The service and food was terrible. It took so long to get it that I didn't want to wait in line another 20 minutes. Manager didn't care about us.
The new and improved McDonald's catty corner the S Concourse of the convention center
You got to love the people who work at the McDonald's across from the convention center those people can get slammed at times and unbelievable Manner and they still handle their composure thank you for all your hard work
It's a fairly new McDonalds. I like the comfortable padded chairs for the 2 person tables if you eat in. Of course all the great hot food and serve yourself & free refills of drink. A great choice for a quick lunch!
Waited 25 minutes in the drive thru with 7 cars in line. Not busy, just poorly managed.
Found it unwelcoming that food has to be paid at kiosk and no option for human interaction.
Went through drive-thru. Slow service. Fries were old.
Busy but orders are right. Needs someone on the floor constantly to clean dining area customers are slobs here leaving trash everywhere. Tourist clean your shuff this is someone elses home!
It took over an hour to go Thur the drive thru and the order was wrong
Manager is a complete joke with zero customer service service skills. Place is dirty inside and out.
Great overall but carefull with togo orders
Wait for my order over 10 minutes drive thru#2 Deluxe with extra onions. Fries where soggy. Had to go back inside to get fresh fries. Looked under staffed
Took forever and drive through was down. Took over 30 mins to get food after they said the drive through was down and we went inside. Terrible service.
The dining room said open until 3:30am and it was closed by 10:30pm.
Clean, convenient, and efficient - only issue is that the member of staff that served me was very grumpy and really not very friendly at all. It was as if she was in a foul mood!
Worst service I've ever had waited over 45 minutes in the drive thru for a 10 peice nugget meal..... workers didn't seem to know what there job was!!! Manager looked lost by what it appeared from the window.
Clean, modern and efficient service. Right next door to the hotel we stayed in so great for breakfast. One of the less touristy ones on I Drive and imo one of the best.
Same food but really good service!
The service was awful and rude. They messed up my order when trying to get it fixed the manager had and attitude even though I had my receipt to show I wasnt lieing.
Staff were swearing on the tills, wandering around in non uniform and using their phones. The girl on the till in the ferrari jumper was flat out ignoring me as I tried to order as she was busy sending Whatapps to friends and the few people who seem to actually care and work hard are stressed as they work with slackers.
Had to constantly repeat myself. The manager had asked me to use the kiosk for a custom order when I didn't want to make a custom order.
This McDonalds is newly renovated with self ordering kiosk. This McDonalds also brings to food to you table for all dining guest thats someting you normally dont see at anyother McDonalds.  The only issue was seating the new furniture at this restaurant is not kid friendly the table is way shorter than other Mcdonalds my daughter was spilling food all over the floor.
Repeated my order 8 times. They still got it wrong. Called back and was hung up on when I asked for my money back. Called again... same result. Called a total of 3 times and each call was hung up on.
Just plain horrible , 30 minutes sitting in drive thru, taking orders one car at a time
Only two power outlets in the whole place and the best one is at the "employee's" table. Noisy and confused environment. Not for business people. Has a 60 minute time limit on  Internet.
They always seem pleasant.  When I use the drive up window they are really fast waiting on us.
They say they are closed during open hours quite regularly.   Why bother keep the lights on!  I live close by and work late.  I have given up,  crazy.
2 things wrong with my order. I'm glad I pulled everything out to check. The employees were very helpful and fixed the order right away
Quite literally one of the worst McDonald's ever! Staff is incompetent, unfriendly, and doesn't get the order right or the food is OLD. As the manager of a 1500 room resort, I advise all of my guests to detour this location.
Very slow service nobody taking orders of the counters yet most of the kiosks are broken.  When you speak to management they are rude and don ½
Food was fresh, but the new model of operations were there is no attendant to take your order ducks. I much rather talk to a human being.
Slowest MCDS IN THE ENTIRE STATE OF FLORIDA!!! Stay away unless you want to waste time in the drive-thur
No one had on hairnets. We get our food and wasn   t asked if we needed anything
Horrible service, staff was very rude and we waited over 20 minutes for our order. When we asked why it was taking so long the lady said "well you can wait for the food or you can just leave now"
Love the electronic ordering and the table service. It's nice to see that McDonald's is moving in that direction. I had a much better experience because of these amenities.
Took a little long to receive order. Never brought order to table.  Had to go get from the counter.  Food was good.
Horrible!!! We waited 1 hour in line to get mediocre food. We were told they were understaffed
Great food, very clean, received food quickly, staff was friendly to me. I saw staff engaged with customers and diligently cleaning their location.
This is the WORST McDonald   s ever!! I wouldn   t even give them 1 star if I didn ½ï
This location is NOT open 24 hours! Please adjust your google advertisement!
It's McDonalds. The food is consistent McDonalds, ordering is through the sel-serve kiosks or drive-through.
It took more than 30 minutes to get the food, they had 3 girls at front including the manager. The manager was working so hard and even with angry customer she had a smile on her face. If I were her I couldn't do the job. I think they need more people like her.
Worst McDonald   
Conveniently 24 hrs and on my route back home... but ordered 2 mcdoubles with mac sauce and medium fries... didnt get the fries and only 1 had mac sauce on it.... double check your food before you go
Went there today and went through the drive thru and the girl taking my order was very rude, so I told her get the manager  and she was rude as well. Poor ass customer service if you ask me the don't even deserve my one star.
I love the place. Plenty of food choices and the place is huge.
Raise all their prices due to the Convention center. Some sandwiches raised by $3. As a company this large they should be able to keep the prices lowered rather than ripping off all the people in the area.
I love the cashier and the people working there there was this guy named Jose which helped me in the register and also threw my food away so I barely needed to do work and it was a great experience for my family next time we visit Orlando I will visit come again
We went twice during a long wknd. Service was TERRIBLE! they got our order wrong, overcharged us both times, and took forever! It was the only"fast food" or we would not have gone there.
Confusing drive-thru lanes, but quick and friendly service despite long line wrapping the building and accurate orders.
Bought a happy meal the other day and they decided for me that I didn   t w
Nasty tables, wiped our table with a paper towel and no soap or sanitizer! No soap or sanitizer in bathroom.
Good food
This is a very nice McDonald's. It was clean and staff was very polite and helpful. They bring the order to your table if you are dining in.
Actually the Pilot gas station was built on this property as a addon. Just stopped here as a pit stop on the megabus to Atl Marta Center *Peachtree where they dropped us off at.
You have to order at kiosk. Several people were frustrated.  Took about 15 minutes to get our order
Clean restaurant and quick service
I ordered hot chocolate and they gave me hot milk.... I also order an ice coffee which was also completely milk. they weren 
Clean. Up to date technology, where shoppers can order from monitor. Associates were friendly and helpful. Good stop between meetings.
New "fresh" beef takes too long to receive order. 8 - 12 minutes after ordering - almost as slow as Wendy's!
I guess this has an extra added experience of a play area and and arcade to boost. But Micky Ds is always somewhere you know you can go anywhere in the world and find something you like, this one was slightly different as you could get pasta and pizza and all day breakfast option
A great franchise that has gone terribly wrong. Service was bad, order was wrong, and it's suppose to be fast food, not was in line for 21 minutes
Beautiful establishment both inside and out but the soda dispensers weren't working and waiting in line to get drinks and ketchup sucks when other customers are placing orders and facing the same dilemma...
Food is consistent with McDonalds.  New electronic order and table service and overeager employee makes it feel like they are owned by Chik-filet.  I like the old style service with counter ordering and FAST order filling.
Terrible service!!!! Waited at the drive up speaker for minutes before anyone asked for my order.  Then proceeded to wait in the line for over 10 mins.  If someone has food that is taking longer you should pull them up!!
The nuggets from this location were the WORST I've ever had! Unfortunately I didn't taste them until I'd gotten back to my room, otherwise I'd definitely have asked for my money back.
Worst service ever. They didnt have everything in my order and then look at me like I did something wrong. Actually, wouldnt even look at me. I will never come.here again.
Took 15 mins to pick up my mobile order. 3 ppl working there and nobody knows where my order was. When I got it, it's already cold.
Sloooooow service! 1:00 PM and just got a cheeseburger & small fries from drive-thru because I was late for a meeting. Took 15 minutes for this simple order!! Really...for a burger & fries?
First time I got a big Mac with only one meat however excelent service.
I am so tired of these franchises ripping off customers and upscaling the prices on items that are supposed to be a dollar! McDonald's just needs to take down this $1 $2 $3 deal. It seems as if every McDonald's I go into now is ran by either Hoodrats or Morons that are unable to perform their job duties.
I never go to McDonald's but my fianc was telling me about a Chips Ahoy McFlurry?? I had to try it, and honestly it was soo good...but could do with less
Not very good customer service at all except for the manager, more training needed to deal with people
Fast and friendly
Worst experience. Drive thru line was longggg. I left the line and came back again at 12.15am, by then it was closed. 24 hours???
Great store!
Costumer service is terrible, approached register to order was told they were to busy i had to use the self service computer, talked to a lady "looked" like a manager she asked the casheir to take my order but then i heard how she told her to keep sending people to the computer! Managers are rude and not well dressed
The outside seating area is nice and really like the new drink machine
This a fantastic  McDonalds. I get coffee here several times a day. ALWAYS friendly.
"best breakfast in all of carolina forest, fast friendly and efficient

hot fresh food all the time and southern hospitality is free"
I work around this area and have stopped here a handful of times, every time I've waited at least 10-15mins and cashier's are rude. I will go out of my way to not stop here again
I love how you can order ahead on the app and still go in the Drive-Thru and they start it right when you get there
Best McDonald's I've ever been too. Customize your favorite meals. Fresh delicious food and friendly staff who check in with your dinning experience. Much recommended to McDonald's lovers
Waited at the register with one person in front of me for about 20 minutes without one employee even acknowledging our presence.  I left and went to Dennys
Best ever
I   ve been to McDonald ½ï
Be first in line but  I really like this McDonald's. You have to order at the machine kiosk thing then yeah it's legit definitely busy at certain times but fresh food though
Peach smoothie was not good. I let a coworker try it also and she confirmed it tasted extra artificial. Tea is always on point!
As designed... This McDonald's was just like all the others!  
These kiosks messed up my order. I   ve been waiting 40 minutes for chicken n
Store still looks new!!! Nice area for the family with children!! Food was great, and service was outstanding!!! Thank you Kathy for taking care of my big order!!!!
As usual, McDonald's didn't have ice cream, but I figured hey if there is snow outside what's the likelyhood their machine has been through enough use that it would not be working, but to no avail there was no ice cream to be had  ½
Service is slower than molasses in January. Also, the order stations did not print a receipt and when I went to claim my food, they wouldn ½
"Mario - glasses, dark hair. What an irresponsible manager. Left everything to manager Stephanie whilst he disregarded customers. Food missing from orders, another customer (young teenager ) spoken to like dirt by a female member of staff.
I tried to complain about Mario who did not respond appropriately (couldn't be bothered to make any verbal response) but had to wait forever for Stephanie as she was putting out fires all over the restaurant. You could not pay me to work with Mario or the newly appointed manager who was called to speak with me  but never came over despite eye contact and him making a grumpy sound(young, black guy who was more into showing off in front of the young female staff than treating any woman with respect).
What ever the main manager, Stephanie is being paid isn't enough. I saw her run, rule, command the show in a way that got the job done. She was gracious with all customers whilst her staff were ignorant gits."
Waited 45 minutes for 2 drink cups, and then the ice machine was broken.
Got nuggets and fries. Asked for barbeque and ketchup for the fries. Got no barbeque or ketchup, good thing we went to the big mcdonalds, enjoying dry nuggets now. At least the food was hot.
Will not make it with current management
45minute wait for food and a rubber over cooked chicken burger...very inconsistent with McDonalds standards
Omg..Timothy is the best..He handle all orders very professional...He is a great leader..He was very polite..I just love his spirit. We definitely need more Timothy's...
$5 for a 10 count of nuggets...?  Fries tasted like metal.  Change out the oil! Ugh!
Service was slow. It took a long time to get food. My friends waited a long time for their food
Big maC
Kept trying to give me the wrong items did not speak very good English. Food was hot though when finally got right stuff.
I dont know if the staff is lacked in education that they dont know how to count or lacked common sense on how to multi task...but orders came out in a wrong order an i did not get 10 nuggets lol but the dining area was nice and clean...
Took an hour and a half to get food but friendly staff.
Epic McDonald's on International dr. Is lacking customer service.  Had the coupon for free Happy Meal from Visit Florida.  They didn't want to give it to us because we downloaded from site and printed not from tourist booklet.  Then said it was not actually for a happy meal.  Just drink, fries, and burger/nuggets. " No box, toy, yoghurt or toy"  even though the coupon stated "HAPPY MEAL"  no small print.  Girl at drive thru wasn't nice.  Prices at epic McDonald's are quite a bit higher than the other locations and no $1,2,3 menu
In almost all McDonald's I have been going have self order post. The bad news is when the machine freezes up you have to go at front and ask for help right? No help you need to l look ace the order again.
Very nice and relaxed atmosphere, good food.. Seating outside is so nice and pretty.. Excellent experience, will go back..
Place to small. Lot of people not enough seating. Workers are great and have A LOT stress. Place pretty clean considering all the people.
Helpful staff and tasty food. Top McDonald's.
Since this place has been remodeled, it looks fabulous, andI love the food. My favorite is the McDonald's Mc series. They are truly orginial foods. Sometimes you may get a person who is rude and messes up your order, but that rarely happens
Fries were very cold children's burgers were creased as if once wrapped they were smashed with something service wasn't terrible but food put out was.
Slow service and attendents don't acknowledge customers....I ate there multiple times since it was close to where I was saying and could get a quick bite to eat, but it was slow
New Cashier kid was pretty lost and messed up our order completely, But the manager on duty was awesome and handled everything to make it right.
I went to McDonald's and the service was friendly and brisk. We got our food and were amazed that after all these years, the food is still awful and our bag was missing a sandwich. The missing sandwich was the highlight of our meal
THE SLOWEST AND TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE. Definitely not coming back!
Terrible experience. Came this morning at 4:28am, no egg whites, no scrambled eggs for big breakfast. Long story short.. waited almost 25 minutes to get the order. Unacceptable
Wait time of over 30min, and then they had the order completely wrong after repeating the entire order again at the pay window. Not fun after a long day of travel and you are just looking for the normalcy of a dang McDs!!
Pathetic. we placed 4 orders. all 4 were incorrect. not busy and utter chaos. ONE PLACE TO AVOID. .   needs a good manager to control things.
Well organized, I came at a busy time on Saturday morning used, the ordering kiosk with a coupon to go, and left in 10 minutes.
I waited 58 minutes to get my order SMHFSTS they need help.
"It literally took my boyfriend an hour and 13 minutes to receive our food. (two meals)
I get it,  things happen and it's one thing to be understaffed, but maybe corporate needs to step in to save this location.
We won't be back"
Worst drive thru times. Waited like 20mins to get my order. This is not the first time either. I gave them the benefit of the doubt and it happen again tonight.
This McDonald's is supposed to be the biggest in the world 2 floors with indoor climbing frame and games room the place itself is very spacious clean and tidy fast service friendly staff also provides a good selection of pasta salads and fruit for those non meat eaters
Very busy location but the costumer service was great. They brought us the food to our table which was great.
associates would not help me,  they expect everyone knows hows to use the ordering kiosks.  then after ordering , associate did not know how to count change back to me, I had to do it for her.
Went here in a lyft on my way to hotel from airport. they were out of ice cream and fries.
They can't handle a lot of customer. Waited 10 minutes for my order outside
This McDonald's did a great job with no contact mobile orders. Orders correct every time, speedy, and great service.
"I had a nearly $50 order with tons of customizations. They got it 100% right which is rare for a mcds.

Food was great and the family didn't throw
a fit because their food was incorrect. ï¿½ï"
So, they can ring you up at the counter but you have to order through those machines? Ugh. Place smells like disinfectant and bleach, charges tourist prices.
It was good for being buzzy employees actually brought your order to your table when it was ready it was really packed but well managed
For fast food taste,  it's the same as every mcdonalds. But this location uses newer tech that allows you to put your order in with out talking to a person.
Love it very quick service very help people
The workers were unfriendly and ignored our needs:  two cups for pop and ketchup with our fries. Seating is mostly hard and not comfortable.  We might not return to the McDonald's!!
Regular McDonald's but the point that you ban get pizza an pasta made it a bit more interesting
Great place to go and have you're entire order screwed up. Then have them tell you there's no milkshakes after you pay for one meanwhile they give the lady beside you one
Largest Mcdonalds i have ever been in. I did not like the fact it was all automated
Fries were cold and burger seemed very old. And we ordered at 1am you think the food would of been fresh
Great, crew was funny and food was perfect. They never let me down and I'll continue coming here for this crew is amazing
Fine in the morning, go at night and the staff were terrible,  rude, unhelpful, lots of food not available,  I really thought the lady serving us was on some sort of go slow medication,  if we hadn't already paid for the food and the kids were moaning that were hungry, the server would have been wearing the food!!!!
"Everything  was cooked perfectly,  and the Service was very good!
We enjoyed our breakfast  ½ï¿½"
The worst McDonald   s and cust
Im pretty sure that this is still the largest McDonald's in the world. Three stories and a menu that rivals many other restaurants. Large selection of desrts and other foods as well. Its more like a " theme" restaurant. Pizza and pasta plus so much more with a McDonald's theme and of course the normal Mickey D's menu is included.
"Wait time for food ridiculous.
15mins to make a qtr pounder no cheese meal."
Very clean MacDonalds. Great grew. However MacDonalds needs to make french fries like they use to. They've lost their loving feeling on quality.
Friendly and fast service, but could use a little help in the cleaning department.  The rest rooms were in need of attendance...not once, but on a couple of occasions.
The food is good just like you expect from a Mcdonalds staff was nice and delivery was fast
Slooooooooowest McDonald's I've ever been to.  Seriously we waited in the drivethru for probably 10 minutes for a happy meal and some chicken nuggets- and, no, they were not fresh as they were old and cool to touch.
Fast ,fresh, great service...
New order and pay yourself stations and table top delivery services have snazzed up this Mickey Ds!
Service was very slow. Managers did not work with urgency to get orders out on time while people waited 20 minutes for their orders
Bad customer service and nasty attitude got my order wrong and didnt want to gove my money back and cheated me out of my money
Not bad at all just crowded
Soon they will just use 3D printers to make what they call food. It can't be cheese they use and nothing fresh ever. I would pass and feed your kids anything else .
Horrible place didn ½
Was under staffed, long wait, order was gotten wrong
This was the Orlando location by Aquatica.  Much better than NY locations in my opinion. Everything was fresh. Employees were super nice.
It's McD's! I always stop in the drive thru for either of my favorites a quarter pounder meal, bisque egg and sausage meal or a mocha cappuccino! They're usually always busy, but fast.
It's 11:55 p.m. and it says that this place is open 24 hours & ITS NOT OPEN!! PLEASE UPDATE YOUR HOURS ONLINE
Best mcdonalds ive been to in a long time. Fast service, the good ketchup (some mcdonalds have that gross watery ketchup), and even BBQ sauce at the drink bar. Clean and polite staff. Im loving it! :)
I went to use the bathroom while I was there and it was utterly nasty. What else would you expect from McDonald's
One of the best interiors I found for any branch. Didn't actually try the service but would expect the same.
All self ordering machines... food took forever to come out, drink machine didn't work
Order was wrong, fries were stale and cold, typical mcdonalds service
Lacking of employees, the service take long
No vegeterian options
Slow, got the order wrong, and placement looked a bit dirty on the inside. The food was good however.
Manager stops doing uber eats after 4am so he wasted my time and gas that I wont be getting back. Don't do eats here you'll be disappointed
They seem to make an extra effort to get my order correct every time. Great location!
Was not open for dining in on Friday at 11pm- even though it clear said open on the door and the line for the drive thru was ridiculous. Better McDonald   s n
I get off work late, made it to the McDonald   s by 11:45pm, had to sit for almost 5 minutes before finally someone answered me then promptly told me they were closed- I asked if I had it correct that they close at midnight- she said it is midnight, I said oh that   s weird my watch, phone, and car clock all say I got here at 11:45 and by the time I got to talk to someone it was still only 11:49 and she just told me to leave that they were closed. There was also 2 other cars behind me that I assume she turned down also. I understand real restaurants not wanting to seat people so close to closing, but my drive through order would   ve only taken 5 minutes tops and I still would   ve been gone before 12. onald   s is 
Horrible service! You could tell the food had been sitting.  I asked for more, and it was the same. The milkshake machine is never working, or they say they are cleaning it. They clean it at the wrong times. I DO NOT recommend this McDonald's.
I received a red raw Quarter Pounder at this location on 6/29/2022.  The order taker did not understand me when I said I had a mobile order code.   Though the contents of my order were accurate, my burger tasted weird and when I looked I observed it to be actually raw.  The photo below is unfiltered and unretouched.  It's upside down because I tossed it that way in my plate.   It was terrifying.   I called immediately,  and was requested to come back with my receipt which the manager did refund JUST the burger part of my order.   I really can't get over it.  Just a word of warning before you go to this particular location.  It was disgusting and disastrous!
About half of my visits are pretty terrible but it's a drive thru option that's on my way to work.  Today my "bacon egg and cheese bagel" had no bacon.  $8.99 for a missing ingredient is absolutely ridiculous.
"I've been ordering from this location via Uber Eats for a couple of years.  They are no longer able serve an acceptable Breakfast Burrito.
OLD, CRUNCHY, NUKED TO THE PAPER WRAPPING.   Why?  It can't be laziness.  It's their business ... training poor?  EVERY TIME all other items are fine except for this item."
Order for mobile pick up. Checked in and waited at the pick up spot for 15 mins. Went inside and food was sitting there without delivering.
Unwilling to keep someone at the register. I had to yell after standing alone over 2 minutes to get their attention
They couldn't understand us. Three times we said no egg yet they still gave us egg. They gave us back our food by taking the egg off in our faces. Some egg was still present. My sandwich wasn't well done because the sausage was grey     ½ï¿
In and out, very quick and professional service. They got my order right.
Customer service sucks! When I get to the 2nd window no talking they just hang my drink out the window and then shove my food out. I ordered a bacon quarter pounder plain and I get  a mc double with extra mac sauce! 2 times in a row my order was messed up, not returning.
This is another McDonald   s branch that serves ice cream only in winter time. When summer arrives and you really need ice cream the most, their machine is always broken down - they claim - and d
The staff working tonight (sept/2/22) were very nice. Reyna was very friendly and a tentative. Great service and team work.
Still a good place to go to, but it seems that the management rather serve drive-thru than inside service. Having to wait for the drive-thru to finish  before waiting on inside customers makes you want to go somewhere else  ½
Terrible terrible service. Whether they   re forgetting online orders, or not including items from orders in the drive thru,
Checkout took forever.  Only 1 cashier. Didn't  receive my drink cup, had to ask for it, as well as the size, also staffer didn't  give us the milkshake ordered. No sense of Urgency. They need to be more like Chick Filet. I heard several ordered after mine weren't  right. Disappointed.
"I ordered and CLEARLY STATED that I wanted two sandwiches, four hash browns and two ice coffees. They only put me for one coffee. I told them I ordered two so they charge me for the other coffee.
I ask for my ""extra"" coffee they were confused and said that they ordered me an extra sandwich so they had to fix that and refund me and gave me my 2nd coffee. I finally thought It was fixed, so when I left and got to my destination, I realize this INUTILE a cashier only ordered me one hash brown instead of four. Moral of the story, McDonalds, either train your cashiers right or buy new equipment because a simple order shouldn't have taken me more that 10 minutes of my day.

KS# 13
MER# 468015"
"Didn't get my breakfast order right because apparently no one on their morning shift staff can count to 'three'.

I can at least count to one, which is the amount of stars I'm giving this location."
We'd been to this place and ate our lunch so many times; and the best things that I really liked the most are, the employees are friendly and the cleanliness is well implemented.
Cashier couldn't understand me and when asking about an item they had on the board, she said they didn't have that. No please, no thank you. Order was not quite right, as it often isn't. Nobody follows instructions. Please retrain staff.
Worse mcdonalds ive been to in a very long time. You guys are lucky a lot of customers are looking for a cheap meal on vacation, otherwise you would be out of business.
I have wintered in NoVa for the past decade.  This McDonalds is the ONLY truly well-managed McD's in NoVa in my opinion (and I've tried 'em all!), the only one that at least acts like it actually WANTS customers to come inside!  Things they do that other McD's often do not. 1) free coffee refills 2) power for laptops 3) USB ports 4) bowl of McD's breath mints at counter 5) ample parking 6) friendly employees 7) CLEAN 8) updated 9) don't push the awful ordering kiosks (16 screen touches to order a coffee?! - please) 10) very pleasant dining room, lots of windows and sunny, and they clean the windows constantly 11) nice bathrooms w/ hot water 12) comfy padded seating.  I go out of my way daily to enjoy this McDonalds.  Well done!
1 hour ago at 11pm, we had 4 people, came to the restaurant but all doors were locked. We rang the bell, and one of the staffs pointed his hand to show us to the drive thru. We came there to wait about 15 minutes and no one answered us even though no one were in front of us and couples cars behind in line. We let a car behind came before us and she got no response, too. Terrible service.
Best service I've encounter around here.  Lots of room and they keep the place super clean.  Employees do a great job at keeping the place clean and customers are served quickly with a smile. Plenty power outlets and of room if you need a workstation. This is my new favorite McDonald's!
Did the drive thru today (08/22/2020 approx 11:15 am) the drive through attendant (who I can only describe as a heftier young man) was rude when I asked for a burger in my daughter happy meal. Not to mention I specifically asked for no onions. Not paying attention to my order on the screen, I drove up only to find the lady trying to hand me 4 large ice teas in addition to my regular order. Confirmed on the receipt that I was charged, I was not willing to wait for further fumbling about for $4. I said don't worry about it, dont want the teas and don't care about the $4. I get home AND MY DAUGHTER'S HAMBURGER IS OVERFLOWING WITH ONIONS!!! Terrible customer service, terrible attention to detail, terrible experience.
ITS MCDONALDS! Average at best but still pretty good for fast food, CHILL WORKERS.
only mcdanks around here that gets ur order right, gives you plentiful sauces, and never gives u half a large fry. always filled to the top. we like that
I have spent buying a coffee, and I have arrived at my house and I opened it and I find this, as they can give you a coffee like that, they have not given it to me I bought it and they give me something that is disgusting and disgusting
Standard McDonald's experience.  However. I went in for breakfast Tuesday morning. The seating area, which had social distancing tables separated and identified, and the chain had been lowered so you could enter so I and my friend sat. After sitting for 2 minutes, a staff member, standing on the other side of the restaurant started yelling at us and indicated that we weren't allowed to sit there and that the dine in portion of the restaurant was closed. They need to work on their signage, it felt rude.
They take too long and they   re super rude and rush me all the time. when it   s time to pay she rushes me to put my card in knowing that the car in front of me hasn ½ï¿½ï
"I was helped by two different people.  Neither one said thank you. Or anything at all. Just shoved receipts and food in my face.

Updating my review.  Weeks later and this is still the case."
Service can be slow at times for drive thru but the staff are nice.
It never fails! Every time I come here they mess my order up        
Very dirty especially the bathroom. Also very poor customer services
When I was a little kid, McDonald's cheeseburgers were my comfort food. Grandma used to take me on play dates.At some point in time the burgers weren't so great anymore. Recently they started using better hamburger and it's like the good old days. Except now they carry your food out to you instead of waiting on the counter .
This McDonald's needs to improve.  The facility is good and updated. The food service is slow.  They also mess up our orders often, at drive-through, in particular. It appears that the employee turn-around is high, so I don't really see regular employees here for long.
Food was cold! At 11:30 am I went to get 8 people lunch an couldn't believe it everything was cold from Chicken, french fries, to burgers including nuggets. With only 45 min lunch break what a waste. I'll go elsewhere. WILL NEVER AGAIN GET 1 PENNY FROM ME!! 
Went through the drive-thru for a pair of the new caramel brownie McFlurrys. The toppings were place on top with no stirring, I assumed by it would be stirred. Still tasty, but difficult to self-stir in the car.
go to a different one if you want a good/decent experience. went through the drive thru and then told on the second window that there isn't an order from me even though I paid. then forced me to go inside to pick up my order that I ordered through the drive thru.
Nice and clean! We had to remind them of our order placed a while ago. I guess they were busy with the Drive-thru orders.
Got breakfast from this place today and found mold in my orange juice. Feel so gross
ýýýý ýýý
Post renovation, this place sucks.  The kiosks are worthless because you spend extra time filling in things about your order that are self serve anyway.  And the order comes out wrong anyway.  Also, have 2 boys and instead of explaining there are no boy toys, they just throw girl toys in instead.  Also... No sauce dispensers??? Now gotta open tons of packets? Down hill for sure.
"I've frequented this McDonalds at least once a week for the last year. In times past, I was fairly ambivalent to it. It was just a place that I would go to get a quick bite to eat while I rushed off to some appointment or event.

But over the past few months, it has become so much more to me. I know the pleather seats like the back of my hand, I know the nuances of the quick-order kiosks, I chuckle every time I see that little piece of gum stuck on the side of the drive-thru wall, I know when the fries are being made fresh, I know and love that greasy sheen on the floor. It is comfortable, it is safe, it is home."
"Consistent deliciousness

Slap that egg on the table and touch your toes
Leave some grease on the table so the next person knows
Dont mistake me for a fast food slouch
I eat my mcdonalds on the couch"
I just paid $11.20 for a hard fish sandwich & cold fries!!! At least they didn   t scr
Its really annoying that Google does not seem to let you report an Unknown Closed.  I do not know if the location is permanently closed.  All I know is that I visited on Sept. 11 and there store and some of the surrounding parking was blocked off with fencing, the store did not seem to be conducting business, and there seemed to be some dumpsters and signs of demolition.  No indication of nature or duration of the closure.  Hence cannot say if its permanent.  But they seem like they may be closed for a while.  No notice beforehand from staff or signs.
This McDonalds is excellent, you always get out of here quick. The staff is always friendly, I honestly can't think of a bad experience I've had here.
"This McDonalds is amazing, it has 4 touch screens to order your self and customize your order any way you want...more tartar sauce? yes, please. with option to pay at that kiosk or at the cashier.
It has a hi top bar with 8 sits, maybe? each one with a power outlet with USB ports to charge on the fly.
Is well lit, nicely decorated, and the staff is friendly."
"Every single time I have gone through the drive thru at this location, it has taken at least 20 minutes to complete the transaction. They have a sauce they're advertising on a poster at the drive through that says ""Honey"" sauce, but when you get to the window, no one knows what you're talking about.
Anyhow, the most recent experience was a great example of poor customer service and why we won't be returning to this location.
Waiting at the drive thru for almost half an hour like usual, the manager comes to the window where they give you your food and says that our (my husband and I's) nuggets aren't done yet and requests us to park nearby to wait. That's fine, as we do so without complaint. The manager comes out 5-10 minutes later to give us our food. We take it and get home to find that the bottom box in the bag was some nasty ass Buttermilk Crispy Chicken sandwich, and not 20piece nuggets. That's not what we paid for or ordered. We go back to this McDonalds another day and ask for the manager; his employees had to yell for him and almost convince him to come up to the window, as I heard them yelling to him, ""They want to talk to you!"" countless times, as if he asked out of frustration and anger. After he was torn away from the slow work he wasn't helping with while in his office, he pretended he didn't understand what I said and said he couldn't write anything or give me a coupon for anything since he didn't have some kind of coupon book? I asked him if he could give us  what we bought next time since we had already paid. He said yes and we left. Yesterday was the last day we visited this location; and we asked for the manager at the first pay window. He acted like he had no idea who we were after that whole ordeal and gave us HALF off our 20 piece nuggets that we were buying! He lied to our faces after he said he would take care of it! You would think how much revenue, McDonalds brings in, the manager wouldn't be so stingy and would apologize and provide what's necessary to remediate the situation! He acted so snide and unapologetic too. Needless to say, experiencing slow service, disrespect and a poor account of responsibilities; we won't be returning."
This is a surprisingly nice McDee: clean, spacious and fast courteous service! There's drive-in with huge parking inside shopping center so never a problem finding a space. I am please to finally give a McDee a thumb up!
Very clean, with friendly staff - food came out fast and fresh. Parking was easy, with plenty of seating.
Good customer service!
It's a fast food place. It's fast and cheap food. If you're expecting anything else from a McDonald's, you're bound to be disappointed. That being said however, this McDonald's does its job well, and will not disappoint you. I have never gotten a wrong order, or bad food from this place, and you probably won't either.
Male Manager is a chill dude. Staff seem to have a healthy amount of friendly banter between themselves. Service was quick and efficient.
The worst possible McDonald's in the eastern side when ever I go to get breakfast im always either missing something or my order is never taken correctly and the ice cream machine is either being washed or Is broken at 9pm they either wash the machine early so they can leave early and the crew there is just terrible they never seem to have anything
How do you run completely out of fish filet at 7 pm on a Thursday night that is not during Lent? Inventory control must be non-existent. Sound like pretty piss poor management.
The clerk quickly dropped what she was doing and took my order, then it only took a matter of seconds for it to get ready for me! In total I only spent about 60 seconds in there!
I picked up a couple of Big Macs, fries and large Moca Frapes!  The food was good, hot and the drive through process very efficient.
Nice update McDonald   s. Customer servi
As with all of the McDonald's that I have eaten in, the service was quick, friendly and the restaurant was clean.  The service to my table was efficient.  The restroom was also clean.
Friendly staff. Quick service. Great prices. Have gone often. Highly recommend
The drive through waiting lot and call in lot were full. I had to wait in the middle of the road for 25 minutes to get my order. Not good!
Rocio is the best employe she is really nice ,caring and dynamic person I have met
This McDonalds has been recently remodeled. It looks great, clean and modern inside and outside! It has electronic boards for self ordering.
No changes.  McDonalds menu s change, but service remains the same.    When robots rule the world, they will own McDonalds.
Out of the ~5 McDonald   s in a few square mile radius, this is by far the best of the bunch. Friendly, quick 
Super fast service but sometimes they mess up the order
Horrible customer service. Messed up my order. Waited 10 minutes for order and then another 10 minutes for them to correct it.
Service is usually fast unless there s inexperienced cashier and there are 5 or more people waiting to put in orders.
Night shift staff are lazy, especially kid with bushy hair and glasses, the manager is very unpleasant. Both need customer service training!
"Nice, Clean, Exelent service.
This covid day Cleanness if what i look for the most.
BLESSINGS"
It was a good McDonald's. This branch got the order right and the food was pretty hot.
Love the remodel!!  Order boards are great for most orders.  They do lack some substitution options.
Nice remodeling but restrooms are a mess cheap soap and no air freshener. Food is MCD so you know what to expect.
Every time I come here, they have me pull into a parking space and wait for my food and usually it's cold not fresh. So why am I being asked to wait?
Mc Cafe is easy and the best
Lots of booths next to windows. - frienly atmosphere.  They need to lose the TV - it's too loud and I have never seen anyone watching it.
The better McDonald's in the area. More clean and organized and gets order correct
It's McDonald's. We know what we are getting before we order.
They sometimes mess up my order, but the employees are nice and courteous.
Good, but slow service. Location is clean, well maintained and has plenty of parking.
The cashier who took my order was very friendly and made sure everything was correct.
Very bad service it took us more then 30 minutes to get our food cashier forget to put my son food so we have to wait for his food another 15 minutes I will never go back there
Very good service. Although they had no idea what a Mega-Mac was they hooked it up for me as instructed.
Has the worst and most inconvenient hours of any McDonald   s. I ½ï
Generally clean, and the service is usually relatively quick. I notice a tendency to overcook the fries, though.
Great employee experiences with Brijot and before Caleb (I don't think he's there any more)
Good service good food but there is room for improvement "I'm loving it"
Always a good place to go for a quick snack.
New look is Dark Unfriendly and less seating - finding a new Bright family friendly MCDONALD'S
Great place to get a quick bite. Stand alone McDonalds very big lots of room.
I love McDonald's. Their fries are the best item on their menu period. Mic drop
"Supervisor  lady is very bad by her behaviour
She need more training to be a supervisor and learn how to talk with customers ."
At least they finally renovated, so it doesn't feel like the 60s still.
Because there food is good and speed is good and thanks to my dad I went there
Got my order wrong twice and the second time I didn't even bother to go back in.
Ive been coming here for years now. The staff is very friendly and helpful.
People need to double check your order before you leave...bad service..
Its been several time that casher don't order correctly
Service was much better. Manager was very helpful
Great Service, Great Food and Great place to Dine in after Hard days work.  THANKYOU!
Fries were perfect hot and not too salty all else was good
It was very nice and clean and the people were very helpful  
Looks great after remodeling. Love their bacon smock house.
Coffee was good and it's a nice place to relax while waiting for a taxi.
Went at a good time of day so service was prompt.
Fast. Hot fast food. Best sweet tea in town. The rest of the food is just-well-McDonalds.
Recently renovated, new machines and nice tables/cushioned seating
Cashier Sidel and drive thru associate were.customer friendly and kind!
Great food and speedy service by caring staff.
i always go there just for filet o fish and its awesome
Service was super fast ... food was hot and spot on !!!
Easiest, quickest, fast food place to grab a quick lunch with a friend between seminars
They mixed up on my order, no sausage or syrup had to go back to ask for it
We waited in the drive thru for approximately 15 minutes and received... stale... fries... DISLIKE!
Food was pretty good
The service is not slow, but the customer service is not where it should be.
Newley renavated place , great customer service skills and every one is very helpful and polite
Good service. Good food. Reasonable amount.
They had posted they would be open until 12 on Christmas Eve. They were closed at 9..
Perfect
Their menu board was malfunctioning, I didn't remember how bad their coffee is.
Manager is no good fire him
Fast Food..... Right, spent 10 minutes waiting for a simple order.
Friendly staff and fast service thank you
Marco is one real helpful and funny guy!
Clean, and a new way to order. Should save some time.
It is McDonald's if you don't it know by now then I don't know what to tell you.
Good one
Communication can be an issue. English is not the first language for a lot of their employees.
Its your regular McDonald's. Good and fast.
French fries are so delicious ½
They always get my order wrong
Avoid this place.  Food is terrible here.
It good food and great service!
Is a good time with my two little ones ...
My son almost starved to death not nice
Nothing special about any McDonalds...Convenience I guess...
Went for a quick bit and was pretty good
Busy busy busy just before our first snowstorm this winter....
This McDonald ½
Good fast food on the go!
Consistent good quality and service.
Appears clean ,well run and consistent .
Like most all other McDonalds nothing special.
Fast service, speaks English well.
Great place - fast - curtious -
I don't like it at all.
Hard to get a custom order correct
Always delicious and fast!
Got my order wrong. Bye bye
Good experience with no hiccups.
Repeatedly can ½ï¿
The  ½
Service was fast and courteous
Yum
An excellent restaurant. Thanks.
Great customer service.
Love Mckey D's.
Fast service ! clean store!
Always great service
Clean, quick and cheap
Give me the wrong food?
There frapee are delicious
I like the strawberry milkshake.
It's was good
So good.
Asked for hot coffee and it was cold.
Bad service
Friendly environment and clean place
Very friendly staff.
Very good
Good... McDonald's, enough said
Customer service is lacking
Great.
The service was good
Horrible, slow, and unhelpful.
No vegetarian options
Its a McDonalds. Same as all the others
Unhappy people and slow.
It was ok
Service excellent
Friendly staff
Great service
Awsome
Best manager
Fast service
Clean and respectful
Slow service
bad coffee in the morning
Great coffee
Great place
It was good
yummy
A FINE McDonald's
It's Mickey D's
Great place
Nice
Fast service
Excellent
Good
Terrible and unorganized!!!!
Have attitudes
Sucks
Every thing
It's McDonald's lol
Good 
Quick food
It's a McDonald's
I like McDonald
Standard McDonald's
Its McDonalds
Its McDonald's
It's McDonald's
It is super terrible bad food they never change the oil poorly cooked food I do not recommend the potatoes black horn from burnt oil
You can't ask a question because they answer badly a lady answered me in a bad way lousy service they should supervise so that those kinds of things don't happen
very good
The manager attends you eagerly... and does not want to give you cream for the coffee...
Excellent service  ½ï
Very good attention, the bad thing is that the distancing was not fulfilled
Very well cared for, the first macdonal emblados are very friendly where I am satisfied thanks to the bosses God bless you
Breakfast is good. Clean and working people are always smiling.
The food was excellent but the fries were ugly.
The place is good. Accessible and fast service
I like the offers
It has entertaining and fun games ï¿½ï
Same old junk
very good and cheap
Very badly
I like it because it is clean
Excellent atention
Very nice place
I thought it was good
They always serve quickly
"I like oatmeal.
 ½ï¿½"
Excellent 
the attention is good  ½
It's all new
It was ok
It's good, the coffee is supervisor
good
Excellent 
Terrible
Excellent 
Good 
excellent
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
cozy
Excellent 
Terrible
Excellent 
Delicious
Good
Good 
6yyyyy
Yummy breakfasts  ½ï¿½
Good 
one
ýýýý ýýý
Excellent 
Bad
Good 
Good 
Neutral
Chicken nugets
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Terrible
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Neutral
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Poor 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Poor 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Terrible
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Neutral
Terrible
Good 
Excellent 
Terrible
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Terrible
Neutral
Terrible
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Terrible
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Poor 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Terrible
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Poor 
Terrible
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Terrible
Terrible
Terrible
Excellent 
Terrible
Neutral
Poor 
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Horrible  ½ï
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Poor 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
"This location is near the city Zoo. It is beautifully themed with majestic animals. We enjoyed that they made the interior a learning environment. The service was good too, which was very refreshing.

This location features a play area as well. Our orders were correct. That is miraculous considering the multiple errors we normally see when placing fast food orders. We felt welcomed ï¿½ï¿"
The store was clean, my food was fresh, the lady that took my order was very nice and they had a big play area in the back.
Really enjoyed my breakfast     this morning     ½! Hot and fresh!! Not a long line at all. They were getting the orders in and out! I really appreciated the young lady at the counter. She made me a
Cold Fries, missing food, wrong food, and no receipt for proof of purchase. This location just opened not that long ago and lack of detail on orders given is already a huge problem. If you want good reviews then pay attention to the people ordering your food. I ran a McDonalds so I know what was not done and the leadership and crew members need work on actually doing what they are both taught and paid to do.
Since it re-opened, I go for breakfast about once a week. Literally have never had a better hashbrown at any McDonald's anywhere in the country -- its so perfectly crispy every time. My order has always been correct. The staff is super friendly and the wait is never long.
We usually always go before the zoo because it was cutely decorated to the zoo theme and the kids enjoy the experience. Service has always been meh but the atmosphere made up for it. Now it's just a boring, modern McDonald's with bleh service. The remodel was a mistake and if you're going to take away the only appealing part of the place at least make sure the service improves. Probably won't come back during our zoo trips anymore. ï¿½ï
The accuracy of my food when I revived it was where it went bad. Was missing 3 fries and 2 chicken sandwiches. Everything else was fine. Employees were pretty good and the place was very clean.
Very, very, very slow service, shame on this store it took 12 minutes to cook a quarter pounder when on the paper only takes about 4 minutes if you use the press 2 1/2 minutes . I worked in Boulder city Nevada as an assistant Mgr. And we had 2 minutes to get one order out and 1 minute special orders so I don't get it, but... On the other hand visit there if you are not in a hurry otherwise don't even try it, because Fast Food Restaurant IS NOT!
I received my take out spending $ 30.00 My fries were mix old fries     ½. My original chicken combo meat and bun was  burnt.  I try to call no answer. Couldn't return
We had a small birthday party for my 4 year old at the play place and they were more than accomadating. The area was clean and a worker came and helped us clean up after the fact without prompting. Super nice of them!
Unreal, this mcdonalds is garbage. It was cool when it had zoo themed but came back home to visit to find my favorite mcdonalds right off the highway near the new tarnished. Service is always lackluster at best and usually can be very messy inside since the remodel
"The McDonald's buy the zoo... pictures say it all.   Food and drinks spilled all over the floor and tables, trash overflowing.  Don't even go in the bathrooms... yikes!!!!  There wasn't a clean table in the whole place!

Everyone was hiding in the back so nobody to take our order for almost 7 minutes.   Had I walked around and noticed the mess, we would have left.

As I'm writing this, I noticed there is a wrapper glued to my shoe.   The only nice person was the homeless lady sitting in the corner.

Don't eat here unless you want to get Ebola"
HORRIBLE CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE. More than not, order is wrong in some way. Fries are always soggy.. just UGH!!!
Worst McDonald ever. The workers are really rude, don   t know how to work, take millions of year to prepare the food OR take your order and when you try to ask for basic things like drinks they treat you bad or ignore you. I waited for them to give me my coke for around 15 minutes and when they finally hand it to me, it was a Dr. pepper, guess what? I waited 10 minutes more for them to have the decency to
After visiting with a friend quite a distance from our home this past week, we stopped off at this McDonald   s location to get us a late night dinner. I really wanted an Oreo McFlurry and was willing to even settle for some fresh baked or classic McDonald character bag of cookies, but they said that their ice cream machine was down and they were completely out of any and all cookies (sad face). As we pulled away from the drive-thru and continued on our way to our final destination, we realized that they gave us the wrong order. We spent about $20, but only received maybe $5 worth of food. The lobby was closed, the line was long, and we were too tired to turn back. I tried calling this location more than 3 times and even submitted a complaint/help request via the McDonald   s app to try and get some sort of resolution to their mistake, yet I still have notignoring all of my attempts?
Loved this place...kids area was great....it was nice and cold inside...great after a hot day at the zoo...and food was ready fast even with our big order
The food would have been great if the tables weren't so nasty
Hey yo got that buy one get one for a buck. My 10 piece nuggets almost gone Bru.  Taking this Big Mac for a buck home Bru hahahahaha Psi-chopathicpeppamintpimpin
They have destroyed their animal themed building and now it's boring. Not worth going to anymore. Why are McDonald's creating such boring buildings? What a waste of money! It doesn't make sense. It's as if they are deliberately trying to lose money and encourage people to stay away.
Fantastic theme which is inspired by Dallas zoo and compliments the same .  Spacious and also have a great kids play area.  Crew are good .must visit when visiting the near by zoo .  Kids will love it . A refreshing unique look than other mc Donaldï¿½ï¿½
"1st time today I Asked for  cappuccino without sugar, they gave with sugar.
2nd time asked cappuccino, they mentioned that they are not able to do because of machine cleaning. Also most of people on the drive though window don ½ï"
The food was good
SLOW SLOW SLOW and the younger people there are so RUDE!!! New renovation but same slow workers and RUDENESS ...this past Saturday waited 15 min in drive thru and never placed an order we as many as 10 cars backed out and left
We bought food and drinks with the kids. After playing in the play place we tried to get refills on our sodas and were told they do not offer refills and we would have to buy another. There were no signs or anything stating such, and I've never seen another McDonald's telling people this, so I'm pretty sure the worker just lied to us.
Worst McDonald's ever, sat in the drive thru (2)  for over 10 minutes while the first drive thru the orders were being attended and the second drive thru was ignore, and I finally drove up to place the order and my order was wrong like always worst experience ever bad management.....
Person taking orders at drive thru was super rude and very unprofessional. Can   t believe workers are not getting trained to be professional. I think person was drugged up.
IM SO FREAKING UPSET. WHY WOULD YALL TAKE AWAY THE ZOO ANIMALS. RUINED MY CHILDHOOD. IM SO SAD, ACTUALLY SAD. I CANNOT BELIEVE YALL WOULD REPLACE SUCH A GLORIOUS FUN PLACE WITH SUCH A BORING BLOCK OF A BUILDING. R.I.P. MY HAPPINESS. HEART. SHATTERED.
I can't believe they took away all the amazing animals and put in a Modern Farmhouse McDonald's. The previous McDonald's was iconic. This new renovation just looks like every other new McDonald's, nothing unique about it.
I think I've always loved McDonald's and I really like what they have with the vanilla milkshake and I get to Becky McDonald's and sometimes in order of tater tots real good place real good food
It was just a random mcdonald's I stopped by it was fairly decent . Typical
BE AWARE : There was a MAN that looked weird. He asked me for money and my boyfriend for a cigarette then he wouldn't leave us ALONE until I said I was calling the cops!!!!The place is cool because of the decorations but  -1 The burger was greasy disgusting -2 French fries NOT fully cooked -3 One of the workers was not even wearing an hat -4 She messed up the order and behind me there was another Lady mad due to a wrong order
If you want to watch employee's fight and spend a half a hour waiting on fries and a Frappe this is the McDonalds for you. Service between 5 - 6 am horrible and the 10pm line is backed up onto Ewing Ave. Very Childish and unpleasant employee's.
horrible service I waited there for 10 minutes and they never attended me how horrible I will never come again
They or rude and order was wrong food was cold . When I ask for hot food the employee was upset and said she   s about to complain about her food your right because I paid my money for it yes and for her to be so rude no customer service at all who really over this place no one could just allow y
Extremely hot in play area even after renovation. Customer service not good, French fries are not fresh.
I visit this place often but after witnessing the tall guy in a manager uniform one day doing a drug exchange in the parking lot. would rather not bring my kids here to witness this type of thing.the owner should be ashamed of themselves for allowing drugs
The man that takes the order is great, he been there for 10-12 years! He's great!
I went inside with my kids and being that it's next to the zoo, the inside decor is made to look like we're at the zoo. My kids loved sitting at the table while we waited for our food.  The employees were friendly and the food came out in a reasonable amount of time. The restrooms were clean as well.  I recommend it. ï¿½ï
Newly removed.  You would think this place would be better.  Yuck it   s worse!!  My bread on my Big Mac was moldy and my chick
"I only buy 3 things from the menu...sausage muffin bundle and a sweet tea half sweet/half unsweetened.
They consistently make the best tea out of the 3-4 McDonald I frequent."
Its McDonalds... The place is remodelled. Gone are the Zoo themed life-sized animal replicas on thee inside. ï¿½ï
It's a McDonald's with a Zoo twist. If you are reading this review, you likely already know how the food tastes and what is on the menu. The key difference here is the great animal decorations on the outside. More importantly though is how efficient this location is. Every time I've been through I've seen a drive through 10 cars deep and watched them churn through everyone's orders in a matter of minutes. If only every drive through was this efficient.
I am changing my review from 1 star to 5 stars after my recent two visits (Mar. 2023). This McDonald's has gone through a major overhaul. Newly remodeled inside and out including employees.  Employees are very polite and welcoming even asked how my day was going and talked about the weather.  ½
Its ok. Thats all i can muster up to say about this particular one
Boycotting until McDonald   s corporate corrects the issue and brings all the animals back at this location. If they only knew that was why peopl
Normally every experience I   ve had at this location has gone smoothly but unfortunately this Sunday when my family and I arrived the employees weren   t in the best mood. Rushing thru my order and taking it in correctly missing items that were not even on my receipt had to get in line again. The staff very unwilling to help over hearing a conversation with another customer a Hispanic father and young daughter trying to pick up a order and knowing very little English the employee being rude and acting like she couldn   t understand. Just plain old being disrespectful that my husband had t
Apparently when ordering counter pickup after 9 or 10 they don't allow you to and gotta go through drive-through
Worst thing here at this location is ordering from the app an waiting for your order over 20 minutes now they need to get better service.
"The App let's you order breakfast and pay ahead, but when you show up and it's 10:03, their system won't let them complete your order.

The location is relatively good, the employees are always friend and fast.

But someone needs to pass along yo the corporate office/app devs and need to either decide to

1) prepare prepaid breakfast orders and have them ready before the 10:00 shut off, or

2) allow them to prepare my prepaid breakfast order 3 minutes after ""it's no longer breakfast time""

I do not want to eat a burger as my first meal of the day at 10:03 on the way to work."
Horrible costumer service the lady taking my order never even talked to me I even told her thank you after she had taken my order to be polite and she just turned around she filled the fries I didnt even care to complain but as u can tell from the picture I would have got more out of a small at most mcdonalds
The food was good but only 1 stall for going to the restroom
McDonald 
I can   t believe how rude this people isï¿½ï
Just finished a remodel and took all the zoo animals away very disappointed in that however was clean and service was great.
They had my food very fresh
Rude staff complaining about us sitting at a table. All because they don   t want to do their job. Should of 
Update. Placed an order at the counter. Attendant took my order, upon me handing her my cash I was told she didn't have all my change and would that be OK. I said no and left. Great scam Manager, round up, why not round down?
Used to be a fun place to go to but everything has changed
It's a macdonals.. so food is alright. It was clean and loved the jungle decor thats a nice touch. Only thing was the baby changing station the table opened outwards instead of longways like a regular one, and it was leaning toward. And with my 2o month old it was just a slide.
Gave me wrong order. She doesn ½ï¿½
"So, I got to this location frequently, despite hearing the horror stories about this location, because it is close to me. Well, tonight my order was messed up and they yelled at me about it.
First, I tell the person taking my order that I would like a Bacon Double Quarter Pounder w/ Cheese, Tea for the drink, make the combo a large. So, the first thing we have a discussion about is that he gave me an unsweetened tea on the screen. I tell him I would like a sweet tea for the drink, and he tells me that I ordered it wrong. I said, ""Well, normally when I come here, they default to sweet tea."" I said that because they usually do  He said, ""Nah! That's not how we do it. Then, he clears the entire order and puts in a Quarter Pounder with Cheese.

I tell him that I ordered a Bacon Double Quarter with Cheese, sweet tea, and make the combo a large. I saw that it was not right on the screen, but he repeated the order to me correctly.  I pulled around to pay for the order and waited on it to be served to me. I checked the order and told the person at the window that it was not a double. The person at the window talked to the person who took my order, and he came to the window and yelled, ""I MADE WHAT YOU ORDERED."" I told him that I said ""double"" several times when I ordered, 5 times to be exact. He person who took my order, who looked to be a manager, yelled at me, ""NO! IT WAS THE WAY YOU ORDERED IT. YOU ASKED FOR A SINGLE.""

I repeated that I asked for a Bacon Double Quarter with cheese and he started arguing with me about how to order sweet tea. He finally told me that he would make it order, but I did not trust him at this point, so I said that I was leaving and I would not be back.

This was an awful experience and I will not be back. I will also tell my friends and family to avoid this location despite that it has served our community over 10 years."
The young man wearing the black mask that said king on it taking orders today (12/5/21) during lunch was absolutely awesome !!  His Customer service was on point and he was extremely pleasant !  The food was correct all across the board and we couldnt have left any happier. He needs some sort of recognition for an awesome job well done ! He made the rest of the store look good today.
Worst and slowest McDonald's I've ever been.
The Lady was a little rude over the speaker but face to face she was nice so I gave her a compliment regarding her hair.  But my order was right everything was not except the cinnamon roll that's why I only gave them 4 stars please warm up the cinnamon rolls
The employees,& staff,were friendly, and polite.
When this McDonald's first opened. OMG it was cool seeing the zoo theme. The animatronics made noise and moved. The service WAS excellent. But now it looks like a tourist trap. Some days you'll sit at the drive through line for a long time then get told to wait in a parking spot. Whoever owns this franchise should be proud of it and maintain it's quality that it had. As far as the food goes. Well it's McDonald's same as any other.
Never get my order correct always something missing !!!!!
Line is ridiculous. They need new and faster workers
It's Only GOOD occasionally if I go in the morning their on point but lunch time is horrible they always forget part of my order or it's made wrong or my fries are too hard now usually I don't complain but all they do is send lil free meal cards but someone needs to know and correct the mistakes they know they can do better
Staff was very rude, not the one at the counter but the manager was yelling at me to come get our food. Me being pregnant and just visiting the zoo, I was letting my husband get the food after he was finished getting the kids drinks as the lady continuously yelled at me to get my food! Very unprofessional.
Order was correct, but drive thru took long
I didn't eat here but stopped to use the restroom on the way to DFW.   It seemed clean overall.  I enjoyed the jungle theme.  It was inmersive,  right down to "Lions" and "Lionesses" on the bathroom doors!  Somewhat of a weird location just off the freeway exit, lots of construction in the area when we stopped by.
Went to drive thru window at around 11:30 ish and employee with copper tone hair like was very rude and disrespectful I was gonna ask her a question about another order that I wanted added to my order and she rudely said no , when I get to th window I asked her if that was her that I was talking to she said yes talking about that there   s only two employees working mind u it   s customer service how hard can that be also wen I get my food and I get home I checked my food and it was spitt on my food , I understand that you guys ar understaffed but that is no way to give customer service I will be making sure that
Was blown away fast and fresh food was little bummed they took animals out
First I only added the 1 star because that's the only way to do a review     ½... I  had 4 drinks so full they were spilling through the lids.. the woman at the window saw it spilling and still passed while they were dripping... guessing she saw a look on my face... this woman looked me in my face and said it's just a little bit... and closed the window     ½... so I she came back to the window with half of my order... my son opened his cheese burger and looks like a arm hair... a eyebrow... or puuuuub (maybe    ½)... I asked for napkins she gave me sooo many napkins... I'm like you should've fix this before you gave it to me..  ½i. worst of the worst experience...     ½ï¿½
Great people fast not mess up your order real pros to. The manager asked if my order was right! He's was great nice polite and friendly.
Rudest night crew I've ever experienced. The boy they have acting as a manager is horrible and very unprofessional. All they do is blast rap music and play with each other and be rude to the customers.
"Night employees are stealing from customers, and probably the restaurant as well.
They short changed me twice on the same order, and claimed the receipt machine was ""not working"" when i asked for the receipt."
Food is always fresh and hot.
"The service was good. The young girl assisting me was polite.
Their playground is huge, and air conditioned. And its decorated nicely. We liked the tables with animals on them!!
My kids have been begging to come in here. They loved it."
"I could not eat the food from the zoo McDonald's so I gave the food to the cats outside...and the cats outside my house did not even take a wiff at it...idk?
Becarefull with the food up there in the Zoo McDonald's?"
I used to love McDonald's fries but not no more. You can't never really get anything fresh from McDonald's. I used to tell them could they make my McChicken now when they did it taste so much better. But everything is preheated or been waiting for you LOL
"They where not friendly. The girl at the drive through was on her phone and didnt give us change or receipt. Got to the 2nd window was handed our drinks and asked to pull in a spot. Waited at least 15 mins before anyone came out to our car. Asked what we ordered....and for our receipt ..which we didnt have....
Finally brought our food out and 2 burgers where wrong..."
Fast food drive through service was quick and courteous. Great! Dine-in was not available yet. I am looking forward to seeing the inside. Fun animal theme would be fun to enjoy with the kids after a day at the zoo.
My order was handed to someone else who IMMEDIATELY ATE MY FRIES! MGMT OFFERED TO REMAKE MY ORDER FRESH WHICH I AGREED. THE ORDER CAME OUT LESS THAN 30SECS LATER. I USED TO WORK FOR MC.Ds AND OTHER FF RESTAURANTS AND I KNEW THAT WASN'T RIGHT!! TRASHED THE FOOD.SMDH!!!0
They actually have a play area which most McDonald's don't anymore.  We also loved the animals inside and outside
New staff provide a fresh experience. The food is always fresh and in it's proportioned correctness. A large french fry will have more fries than a medium size. Imagine that. " I am loving it".
This McDonald's is right by my house and really the only reason I continue to go. Service is excellent but I'm missing something from my order every single time I go. Having to go thru the hassle of getting out and going inside really defeats the purpose of going through the drive thru
Just avoid. This was by far the worst experience I've ever had with a McDonald's. I feel like you have to be trying to be terrible to be as bad as this location. There are other McDonald's close by, don't bother with this place.
The best looking McDonald's I have ever visited. Located near the zoo. Friendly staff and fast service.
Was good service, would've been better if we wasn't walking around a homeless person passed out on the sidewalk was strange for sure
"DO NOT ORDER FROM THIS MCDONALDS.
I ORDERED 4 MEALS THROUGH UBER EATS
AND ALL I GOT WAS THE BURGERS
NO FRIES
NO SAUCES
NO DRINKS!!!!
I EVEN ORDERED A MCFLURRY.
ALL I GOT WAS BURGERS."
The staff works super hard, but the zoo/location deters from it shining. Keep the great job up, day staff. The night staff needs to brush up.
Why remove the animals??.. This remodel looks cold & uninviting.. Horrible
Food was definitely not even close to being fresh "ish"and the location, although you'd think is convenient after visiting the zoo ... It's a wreck waiting to happen if you try to drive in to their location.
Friendly management and staff. Ready to make sure you are satisfied with your order.
Cute place to bring the kids. Never seen a McDonalds like this one
The employees were very friendly. Our order was correct. The food was hot and fresh. The tables were clean. My kids were happy.  Thanks for a great lunch!
Love the French fries. The coffee drinks are great! Excellent place for small children. They do have healthy good for the kiddos. Fun place to play. Many treasured memories with my little grandson. (He's 20 now!)
Who idea was it to destroy the famous zoo McDonalds ??? I hope revenue sales go down the drain.
My kids love going to this McDonald!!! It   s a zoo McDonald ½ï¿½ï¿
Super friendly staff which is so different when it comes to Mc Donald staff. Every time I go there they seem so happy to be at work and serve. So refreshing. Plus the morning staff manager is so on point and the staff really reflect them well.
It would be nice if the play place was open again but it's not so that was disappointing. It's clean, employees are nice, got my order right.
I went there this afternoon with my almost 3 year old. The food was fast, made right the first time and was good. The staff was wonderful and the restaurant was clean and the animals were amazing. I could not compliment this place anymore. If we lived here we would go here a lot.
Although they kept forgetting stuff,the ladies were nice and quick with our food. Super upbeat,love the environment!
In drive through at 10:58 AM- tried ordering lunch. I was told they couldn't take my order. I told them I'd just wait 2 minutes... LIke the car ahead of me that took 5 minutes to order. No big deal right? Nope manager comes out and yells at me to move/pull around she didn't care... I just had to move. 1 car was behind me still ordering. Would have thought I was blocking a fire escape or something. By the time I actually got through the drive through (due to cars ahead of me) it was 11:01AM... Really smart move guys. I'll happily take my business elsewhere. No longer stopping by after zoo trips with the kids.
Food was good and fresh
Had a great time the  family here .  Very friendly environment  and the food qas great
I haven't been to McDonald's in years and I was surprised how good it was. I have the southwest salad and it was great. I don't know if I would go back for another few years, but I was pleasantly surprised. Also the staff here was super sweet with my little girl to ask to trade in her toy from her happy meal.
I work five minutes away from this store, so I go there all the time. Everytime I go there's a problem. This time my bun was so hard. The bottom bun. There's always something wrong. I worked for this same company for a lot of years,(swing manager). It's crazy. I've only got good service once or twice there.
Did not know that at this mc Donald u have to wait 30 min to get your dam order wat happen to fast food when you went and left 10 min later its crazy
"Hot fresh fries and the frosty machine is up and working  after 9 pm? I know, it's unheard of right? Well I had a really great experience at this location. Staff was professional and pleasant and the food is yum!
Thank you everyone."
The staffs were wonderful,  but the dining area was cramped.   Too many table and chair in a tiny place.  Especially for Covid season.
Very fast friendly service
This is an American classic serving up hot and fresh fast food favorites. I like this location because the people are always nice, and the service is always fast. This is really good if you have a short lunch break and need to make the most of your time.
Worse Mcdonalds I   ve been to! Took forever with my order even though it was super slow (2 cars in drive-thru), parking lot is full of trash, we ate in parking lot and I went inside for a refill on my drink and they said they don 
I've been going there for many years as they are close to where I live. They are consistently decent. They usually get it right, it's normally fairly fresh...it is McDonald's so... They do make a darned good cup of coffee, which is what brings me back usually. I generally think of coffee when I think of Mickey D's.
Worst people ever. The girls were being rude for no reason. The zoo theme outside is very nice but the customer service was the worst. We asked a question and she slammed the window on us
Wow!!  Today I went through the drive thru.  The cashier freaked out when I presented a discount coupon.   The cashier told me the receipt printer was out of paper.  When I pulled forward to the food pickup window.  I informed them and requested my receipt.  It turns out the cashier was lying just hiding the fact I was charge double on my credit card.  I waited 7 additional minutes for my tiny order to be prepared.  I brought to their attention about the overcharge.  They said to call and they will take care of it over the phone.  I have been calling the entire day.  No answer.
Awful experience. It was 10:15 and I needed a sweet tea and nuggets. I order my tea in the drive through line. The line was pretty long. When I got to the window to pay the cashier with light brown eyes, said they could only take cash. I said, what!!! I have stayed in this line this long and no one said a word!! I said, for my inconvenience I would like to have the tea. She looked strange, and I said please let me speak to your manager. She spoke to someone, and the manager said no and wouldn't come to the window. AWFUL!!!
This was a good McD. They made a good product that wasn't smashed in a bag and thrown out the window. They actually salted the fries, that's a lost art anymore. And the girl at the window was sweet and full of smiles. Obviously a happy crew does better work.
Not the best McDonald's I've been too. First off, it could have been cleaner, they needed to sweep the floors. Second, the staff weren't the friendliest. I went up to the register and the man just said not yet. Never greeted me or give me a reason. Then I waited like 10 mins then a lady took my order, she was a bit nicer. Then waited another 10 mins for my food to come. I get being busy but at least be a bit friendlier or tell me theres gonna be a wait
I   ve used the drive through only. Service is great. I love the outd
Zari was absolutely incompetent! We specifically ordered 4 meals to be placed in 4 separate bags during the first stage of ordering (as they were for 4 people). When we requested this again at her window, she rolled her eyes, huffed, and began changing them out. She also gave me 3 Cokes and 1 diet Coke (for the diabetic in the group). They didn't mark the diet Coke so she told us that it was the wrong one! Luckily there was no need for a hospital visit due to her total lack of concern for safety and health!
Always something with this location. Either system down, only cash or sometimes no respond on the drive thru at nights
Well what can I say I use to work mc Donalds and their custermer  service  was great I went to drive through  tonight no one help me on the speaker so I drove  to the window the cashier tell no that will need to go back in line and order again that he could get my order at the window I was in line for good 10 15 mn then I go to  the window to talk to manger nothing and he just left to the back and ignored  the custermer in the front he was asking for him to get him something  he did not get any help he left I drove up then he was not there at all with a big line I went back to the drive thru and well to oder then he tel their is no ice scream so I get inline again for nothing had to stay in line until they served every one in front and again no one in the windows to help  but just the some  need to ck cause I have it all in video  I will posting it on line to she how horrible  custermer service  Mc Donald's  have compare to Chick-fil-A  they don't come close of the quality  and custermer service they have and people need to start speaking about  Mc how not only tge drive thru people wait for 20 to 30 mn some all the pollution but that's another story I hope this makes some ck this out
I like coming to this location the morning team is always kind & friendly...the night team has more younger team members some of them have great customer service..but the only thing that stopped me from rating 5 stars the point system I've had trouble several times adding my code to gain point for my purchase ...and reached out to McDonald's customer service and was told someone would contact me but that hasn't happened ï¿½ï¿½
Just bought the new adult happy meal for a little over 10 per meal!!! Way to expensive.
Didnt have the toys for happy meal that they had out in display, disappointing for 3 yr old. The jungle theme is cool esp for kids. Playground was clean and fun. Employees didnt seem to like their job, nor people.
"Went today after the zoo, it was a very bad experience to say the least.
We were given over seasoned  fries, one straw for three drinks, and the drinks were all bad.
I thought how do you mess up a drink?
It is my belief that this was attributed to the mistake that was made with coffee order wanted moca frap was given hot coffee.
She took all drinks back and brought tray back with correction.
It tasted like instead of coffee mixture it was blended with old filtered out deposits, I mean really sour.
The manager however corrected the moca and recooked fries.
When we left a second time I tasted the unsweetened tea and Coke... It was horrible foul I thought omg I almost served this to my kids!!
Will not ever return."
This is a wonderful wildlife themed location right next to the Dallas Zoo and perfect for bringing children for lunch before heading off to the zoo. The staff is always friendly here, the management is good and the restaurant is much cleaner and well run than most McDonald's in the area. Prices are typical of the food chain, service is fast and the food is usually above average for fast food. Can't go wrong here, especially with the kids. They will love it.
Doesn't deserve one star! Waited in line 30 minutes. When we finally ordered the girl couldn't get the order right after 3 attempts. When we got to the pay window, the girl was talking on her cell phone. When I asked her to repeat my order, she looked at me crazy. When we got our order it was disgusting. Soggy oily fries, burned chicken nuggets, water down soda ... plain disgusting. They need new management for sure!!! Someone please contact corporate!!!!!
Very nice fancy "CLEAN" restrooms, that's a plus! Very clean lobby area and nice play area for children, just no hooks on the restroom doors to hang our coat, jacket or purse. Overall it's a well managed McDonald's compared to others I seen. :) A-1 rating I also love the Dallas Zoo theme! It's a tourist attraction. Thank you McDonald's for your professionalism in management and customer service. (Please put restroom door hooks up for our coat, jacket, diaper bag and/or purse, thanks!)
These teenagers with bad customer service have the worst attitudes and are lazy. I bet the hiring manager is the same way considering her terrible hires. I wouldn   t give this place one star. The only good person I 
Fast service, maybe  a little too fast ..I  recommend you get them to repeat your order . Either they need better headphones or don't comprehend your order.
I ordered a 6 piece nuggets and 3 chocolate chip cookies I got my nuggets and had to wait 15 minutes for the cookies I had to call and let them know I was still waiting in reserve 1
I was disappointed that the play area was closed due to it being filthy and the speakers were blown so the animal noises were bursts of LOUD static.
I rate this place five stars cuz these guys do deserve it, the food was hot fresh and exciting still to this day! And yes I knw we all ate pretty much everything @ McDonald's, but these guys put there love into cause still to this day, I want another one... And no one has made my hamburger like you guys, and I really appreciate that. Thank you McDonald's, I'll be back! And shout out to the manager who helped me and my family that day. Thank you!
"Good people, The speakers or mic's are terrible
I have to fix my order at the window everytime I go here, makes me think they mess up my order in the end just out of spite that, they think I'm changing my order every time I go.

Dear Manager

FIX/ REPAIR or GET SOME NEW EQUIPMENT PLEASE"
Worst experience ever. I pay for large fries and only fill it half way. I said if I want a medium I'll pay for a medium. Now fill this up or give me my money back. Service is just the worst I've seen. I really recommend people to not go there. Waste of time and will leave you with a headache
Same ol" ready in 2 minutes food. Idk how they do it . But ramen needs to step up their game because it takes longer to cook noodles in the microwave . Great Job Mickey D's
My wife and I was going to this McDonald's for some morning when they had another crew. But here recently they changed the morning to a new crew(an old man, a young vanity lady at the drive through window that is very rude). This crew need to be removed. They never seemed to know how to work and prepare your order in a timely manner. This facility is also made where you can't just get out of line in the drive through which is very dangerous if a car stalls or a real emergency arrives. We will be skipping visiting the morning crew. Plz. change crew or train them better.
Would have have it a negative if possible. I have went to this location for the last time. Drive through you will sit at the speaker for 2 minutes before they even say anything to you but you can hear them talking/laughing/and cursing to each other. POOR MANAGEMENT. THEN, my order was wrong so I go inside to get a refund only to see my receipt had about 15 streks of ink on it nothing legible. SO I go inside and say I would like my money back and the manager just shrugs me off like it doesn't effect her. If you are going to the Dallas Zoo drive further and don't let this McDonald's ruin your day. TRUST ME.
Horrible place....rude employees, burnt fries, and fudge sundae had fudge all over top and outside of plastic top. .
McDonald's is McDonald's. Consistent menu/ food quality. What sepates this location from other's is decor and friendly staff that do a great job with order taking, getting it out quickly and keeping area clean. Besides the large play structure this location is an extension of the zoo experience with  models of a giraffe nibbling leaves from a tree containing a huge snake, a  touchable cheetah statue and chatterbox chimp. Great place to go with kids.
Well its very clean with good food.i recomend the number 6 mcgriddle
"Be careful with young children here! We had a women approach our booth and asked personal questions about my young niece while my brother was getting the food. We tried to dismiss her and did not answer her questions, but she just sat herself in our booth uninvited. We asked her to leave several times, because it was very uncomfortable. She just continued to sit and stare at my neice. We made it clear we were having a private lunch and would like her to leave.
Then the women's boyfriend called her back to his table, she left us and then they walked out shortly after.
Another patron approached us after the women left our table because she believed the women was planning to abduct my niece. She noticed the women staring at my niece and told us to be safe. When we left they were parked next to our truck as well. We will definitely not be going back there."
Dirty! Dirty! Dirty! We saw previous customers coming back to get their orders fixed. Every table in the play place was awful. (Ours had spilled milk). The employee took one trash can out but didn   t pick up the trays and didn   t clean up the busted bbq sauce on the floor. What was also bad was that we moved to another table and the floor was covered with napk
Terrible for getting rid of the zoo decor.
Good food nice place
I'm guessing that this location is a training hub or something. It seems like it's always some kind of trouble when it comes to order food show code on app for food pay and go. Sheesh     ½ï¿½ï¿½
"***Deserves No Stars What So Ever !***

This Place Is By Far The Worst! The drive threw lady  on 12/6/17 was absolutely rude! I came  to get some breakfast around 10:45 she continusly kept asking me"" is that it?"" I asked for a minute to see the menu. Then within a ""Second"" she asked if I was done with my order!  Sausage burritos had No Sausage. Orange Juice Cups Were Only Filled Half Way. Hash browns were cold ! By far the worst service ever! Your management needs to  work on their employees attitudes !"
Hey guys,  want a quick little pick me up for brunch? Order an apple pie , wait till you get home to heat it. Spread a little butter on it, pop it in microwave  for seconds . Top with  ice cream...don't for get coffee!...now that's a nice little something,  for a little bit of nothing...all at the Mac..
Passing through from a volleyball tournament.   Great tasting food with friendly service.  Had bagel nice and hot with fresh hashbrowns.  Definitely recommend if hungry and needing to feed a family fast on budget.
Well it might have been ok, if I was not rushing, but I still stayed for my items. For this to be McDonald's, they should know that it's busier during certain hours then others..there were soo many ppl in line, the average person would have turn right back around n walked out.
The service could be better they always forget to give you condiments and napkins. Even after you've ask. Then soon as you drive away.  You have to come back and go inside and explain that you were lied to.
Awesome, super nice staff!! We stopped by every Mc to get the BTS meal. Only this place has the special paper bag!! Even the BTS pic!!! Thank you so much.
I liked it cause its right by the zoo and my daughter loves to play but the staff there can be a bit abrasive after a zoo event like the Halloween trick or treat event they we understaffed and ran out of a flavor of soda and large drinks and I payed for a large but only got a medium they should have just made the fries large but the guy running the register seemed kinda new
I love going to this McDonalds by the Dallas Zoo cause they have these animals that make noise and look like a jungle in there. Today we were there around 7pm and the cashier and the manager were so nice to us and they even talked to my kids and made sure that we got everything we asked for. The only thing I didn't like was that for the happy meals for my kids they got the same toy and it was a girl toy, I have a girl and a boy so my son got a girl toy. I know why McDonald's do this but it's not the employees fault.
The employees are very rude one of them snatched a bag out of my boyfriends hands because they messed up our order and when we complained to the manager she laughed and did nothing about it. I would expect better seeing is how it ½ï¿½ï
This McDonald's is by the Dallas zoo.  Kids were hungry after the Christmas lights at night event at the zoo.   Went there and found it alright. Service was relative quick but the store itself was quite dirty. Play place looked like it hasn't been wiped, and most likely haven't been sanitized. Bathrooms needed fixing and also dirty.  Hope management can quickly fix since parents want to come by for it's convenient location next to the zoo
They are remodeling it and it won't look cool anymore  ½ï¿½ï¿½
Their icecream machine was broke. They didnt have any toys for the happymeals. The tables were disgusting. And I counldnt understand the cashier. Plus she was using 2 registers at once!!!!! If i could give negative stars i would!
A couple years ago at 5 am I went here pregnant and got an egg mcmuffin when i got home to eat it and go to bed it was dripping with grease. Today i ordered a 20piece chicken nuggets and 3 large fries they were all served fresh and i only waited a few minutes.
This mc donalds is very slow and the employees are rude and always have an attitude when you ask to get your order fresh . I always count on this mc donalds not to mess up with my order but they ALWAYS do . Also they tell you to wait on the 1 or 2 waiting spot but never come out with your food . Today i ordered chicken nuggets and asked for them to be fresh , they were ok until i noticed that the chicken was BLACK inside one of the nuggets . Maybe was black inside of more of them and i didnt notice . I have picture proof as well . This mc donalds is just trash .
Stopped in late around 1am but received good service, area  around drive thru was clean despite age of building and outdated signage for the play place but received order and the team member even placed an extra sauce I requested at the window in a separate bag instead of trying to shove 5 in my hand like most do.
Neatest McDonald's I've ever been to (except maybe one in Roswell, NM), the jungle zoo theme is awesome. Food was good, service was great. Even gave us a free drink, very kind.
Very Disappointed, 40 minutes to get my food due to short of staff per shift leader. No manager to get my money refunded. I've waited in the drive-thru. No apology whatsoever from that shift leader.  Will call coporate office myself.  My order was all screwed up.
I buy my drinks there. The Management staff there does not have a problem giving me honey with my coffee. The Managers and their staff are always asking their patrons is everything ok and will address small problems with a smile , even the homeless. Not like the rude manager that I have reported twice on (Robert B Cullom 75215 in South dallas) and I never heared anything back from McDonald about that !!!! As she stated they are only going to redirect you back to me . Since I haven't heard anything back Im going on Social Media about that manager in the South Dallas McDonald's
"The drive thru took forever and it was 10p!! The young attendant felt the need to chat with the car in front of me for a full 7 mins. Doesn't sound ridiculous until you're sitting there watching it with a full line of impatient cars behind you. Then when I pulled up the kid realized he never handed back the guy's credit card, and started laughing about it. His co-worker was shaking her head saying ""it was cuz you got distracted talking to him about guns for so long"" ...
To add insult to injury, I got my food, I had to remind the kid about my drinks that I ordered, I left, and my food was cold and my order was wrong."
If you like a lively staff who can make you smile and have a good laugh this is the McDonald for you.  They were very pleasant and funny.
We really like this Mc Donalds. It's special because of its jungle theme.  But lately the staff has been on the rude side.
Horrible service, I'm just done with McDonald's. I tried a few different locations and apparently none of them can offer a friendly service i will just take my money somewhere else.
A worker called MY order number so obviously I'm gonna grab it. It didn't even occur to me to look at the tray the only thing I noticed was that I was missing a coffee so I set the tray on the table and on my way back I see the manager yelling at my family about how WE grabbed the wrong order and see at first we tried being cool about it. She said she was taking back the extra food and we said that was fine so then she starts grabbing the food we ordered and says we weren't charged for that, after an interesting conversation we establish that my receipt clearly said I was charged. Ten minutes later they've manned to give two BIG orders but haven't managed to give me a bacon egg mcgriddle. So eventually I get the burger and as the manager hands it to me she's telling a worker she gave us 8 hash browns. I obviously heard her and said "no ma'am, we got 4" this same manager then has the audacity to say we already ate them. At this point I'm pissed. I've been accused of not paying for my part of the food, I'm hungry, I've waited way too long, the manager has an attitude, AND she's a accusing my family of eating 4 hash browns in less than a minute. NEVER eating at this McDonald's again. Especially with a manager like that.
I eat at this McDonalds at least 4 times a week. Never again. The service is always questionable and the drive thru order is screwed up as often as not. Had to wait at drive-thru order 5 full minutes before giving my order. That's at the speaker, not in line. Was told (rather rudely) to wait several times. When given the order, the server practically threw the bag at me and disappeared. When I got to work, I found I had to eat my hotcakes with no plasticware, no syrup or butter and not even a napkin. Calls placed to the store went unanswered. Poor service all around.
Burgers are always flat. Good for on the road food. I sure do miss the dollar menus tho. And they charge for mayo if you add it but not if you get packets.. humm
Worst experience ever!! They closed the lobby early!! Then the manager found out people were still coming in and started yelling!! The nice officer apologized for her attitude and gave us complimentary drinks for patiently waiting for our burger. She needs to go over a customer service training again or find another job!!
9/3/18 @ 1:50pm I came by McDonalds today and I went through the drive through the girl that takes your order did not even bother to Greet me and take my order she was just talking so much I guess she did not know she was gossiping and knew we can hear her but she was saying the most rudest things through speaker, it seems like she was talking to another employer. I kept saying helloo hellooo helloo and did not even bother to stop talking. Then when I pulled up to the first window the one that was so rude was the one that has a ring in her nose she is african american she did not even bother to repeat my order and did not offer to give me receipt. There was another girl next to her biting off her Acrylic Nails and was falling all over the table where the order computer were at SO DISGUSTING! I used to work here things have changed and these ghetto girls are so RUDE! At the pick up window that lady was so sweet she had a smile and greated us well.
I am really surprised that McDonald   s refused service for food at 4:00 am when we were starving and reached there for food. The lady at the dr
Their ubereats need to be more attention to detail n packed nice not just thrown in always missing something i asked for bought the big breakfast meal and got sent no silverware no syrup nothing like Damn how am i going to eat this i even put a note in the app to add napkins and condiment n still can't receive it what's the point of leaving a note if no one reads it I've order different times and never fail to disappoint me
So today.. 11-4-18 about 4:30 am. I stop at this McDonald's by the dallas zoo i order a bacon egg and cheese biscuit and a large drink, i get to the window and she says 8$ and some change,     i say FOR WHAT???  SHE SAY you ordered the combo, right.? I say NO JUST THE DRINK AND THE BISCUIT SANDWICH... SHE SAY ok..... And then she charge me 4$ and some change... So WTH was she charging me for.. She even say YEAH THOSE COMBOS ARE EXPENSIVE!! WITH A SE
Terrible service. 2 minutes off breakfast and wouldn't serve us anything. They had bad service took 20 minutes to get through drive through. Not fast food and quality was the worst mcdonald's I've ever had
Fancy Mcdonalds.  Zoo theme nice.  Everybody friendly. Had a hard working young man named Nathan.  He was doing everything. Working hard.  All over the restaurant.  Just wanted to let him know somebody noticed.
Busy place but the people who served us were friendly and polite. More expensive than other McDonald's I visit. I am guessing this is because it is near the Dallas Zoo.
DO NOT EAT AT THIS MCDONALD'S TILL THEY BRING THE ANIMALS BACK!!!!!!
"Staff was great, but cook are trash...
How can you screw up a simple burger? when you don't care that's how..."
We were ordering what it was on the manu a d they said they didn't have anything. That the breakfast  was over but all they had was the breakfast menu. Lol they forgot to change the menu on screen.
My order is always wrong. I was making my order in the drive through she ask me what I wanted to drink when I answer she we have no soda.smh
Very unique McDonald's. They have all sorts of animal statues around that make random noises while you eat. The play place is unique and the outside of the place has so many cool photo opportunities. The food is typical McDonald's.
The tiger     was out and 
Disgusting food and terrible service. If your ever in the area make sure to right past this place. Dont even look it's way. You will get sick if you eat this garbage and I mean in the worse way. I wouldn't feed this stuff to animals. I wouldnt eat this stuff if I was starving. Horrible end of story
Very nice place, it is decorated as Zoo kind of theme inside, Kids love to dine-in
They forgot what people order.... I order 5 ice cream and they just give me one n they say that is everything.... Them i show them the receipt n i had to wait 10 more minutes for the order 4 cones they dont napkins.......
The employees cannot count for nothing. On top of that the coffee tasted like cardboard it's very obvious they do not clean their machines. Disgusting store.
It's the perfect place to finish a long day at the Dallas Zoo. This animal themed McDonald's has a very large play ground area and plenty of tables and seats to watch the kids while they play. The food and service was adequate although the bathroom could have been a a little cleaner. All in all, it's different enough and the kids liked it enough that we will likely come back after our next visit to the Dallas Zoo.
Good food. I waited 15 minutes for one bacon cheeseburger. The store is very sloppy it look like a hurricane came through. They were understaffed. I deserve a free meal for that experience.
Kids loved the zoo theme, especially after just leaving the zoo.Order was wrong,but friendly customer service
My family and I get to this McDonald's we are shocked it looked so nice from the outside and they have the jungle themed play house. I ask if they have an outlet so that I may charge my laptop and phone and no. The Wi-Fi here is not even strong enough. I could not complete my homework.  Bummed out.  Not the best as usual.
Great food great staff....I stop there several times each week for breakfast and the food always arrives fast/ fresh/delicious and the staff always remembers me. Highly Highly Recommend this location!
My 3yo granddaughter loved this place. The play land is well designed with plenty of room for active exercise and the larger than life zoo animal motif delighted her.
The customer service is just not what it used to be. There is no Welcome to McDonalds just how can i help. I ended up payimg for someone elses order. At 1st i thought it was more but it was 20 cents less. I'm glad i only go there for drinks.
The service was alful everyone working the front was either on there phone or joking around. They got my order wrong twice. New management is needed and a whole new crew to go with it.
Stopped to grab some food and go to the restroom. RESTROOM WAS SO nasty ,with wet stuff all over the floor, no toilet paper and toilets were nasty.We walked out of the restroom, I told hubby no tissue paper .He said let's go this whole place is nasty. Trash can was overflowing around the floor ,all tables dirty and and no jungle sounds coming from the animals .. Disgusting.  THEY only had 2 families sitting in  the dinning room and 2 families in line ..
Wonderful place especially for kids... The staff is friendly and helpful. The food is always fresh and the location is clean. Wonderful to eat inside especially after a visit at the zoo...
No matter how many cars are in line they get you through pretty fast. when I got to the window I wanted to get an extra order of fries and they told me they couldn't sell them to me.
I was just at the drive thru, my son wanted some breakfast number 13 and the girl just kept on saying, no maam, no maam, what the hell you mean no maam.....well she said that is not a breakfast,  uuuhhhhh yes it is, well she decided to tell me to wait, well I'm already mad because she doesn't tell me why can't I get it and to top it of she's taking her time, I just told her to forget it and she says, well ok,,,,,I had to stop at the window and ask her what she meant, ,,,oh lord ....she talked to me like I'm stupid or dumb,,,,,she's like well we only have that...and points to a sign on the window with the all day breakfast menu, if she would of explain that through the speaker. ...I wouldn't be complaining now, so I told her she should of explained that to me, she told me "oh well", si ,  left, and  here I am at Jack in the box enjoying breakfast with my boys,,,,no issues and great customer service. .....one thing for sure I will be doing, is telling my family and friends not to go there,,,,,,
I have placed 3 orders from here and have been waiting 4 hours for my food. They refused to contact me or Uber. They just turn the drivers away and don   t even cancel the orders. You canï¿½ï¿½ï
"You can't pay me to eat there. I heard about that food online. Try the meat at home
and french fries leave it out for two weeks and it never turn bad. What the hell is in that food. Everything look good...ain't good for you."
I only eat breakfast here now, but when I get my hot caramel, its a hit or miss. Sometimes its perfect, days taste like dirty water but they will correct it.
Even though my receipt was two days ago they still have me what I was missing out of my order instead of declining
This is a nice and efficient MDs.  We use the app, get any sandwich for $1.  They let us do multiple transactions and we save a ton.  Great location,  clean and courteous.
Today June 22, 2017 at 21:05 aka 8:25 my order was taking in drive thru I ask for Double chesse burger with no oins and no pickles with large sweet tea extra ice add lemon. So my drink had no extra ice or lemon and frys I drive home to eat my food which I stay 22 mints away from store it by my school... I get hone to open my bag to have only receive Hot & Spicey and no Fry's which was not my order and young lady at both windows ready my order back. I have called the store 8 times to speak with manager and nobody has pick up the phone
Quick service especially if you have the app. Drive thru line was crazy long but i always pick up. No lines no long wait good job staff
Manager at this establishment is very disrespectful and doesn't want to do her job. Do to the fact of this the line was held up for over 30 minutes. Wouldn't recommend this McDonald's to anyone
This location needs serious rehabbing. Only drive thru service. The line was wrapped around building and onto the street. My food was cold fries old n refried burned...smh... NEVA AGAIN
Let me put it this way... GETTO. Most of the employees are on the phone and acting like they are at the park. Need to be more Profesional and get this place more clean. Frys taste like old oil. Macdonald fix this place please! The place is nice just need to work on your employees.
I want to add a small fry at the window after I ordered at the speaker n the black lady   refused to add, and I'm asking for the manager and she said I can't  because you ordered is ready... she was black and  without uniform how the MANAGER  come to the window n tell me she can't... 05/25/19 in the  afternoon
McDonalds is great! It is a sure thing. You know you what to expect. Today I was surprised! A new burger caught my eye. It is a Spain inspired burger. I was hesitant about buy in it. This was new and well it could be great or ruin my lunch BUT I took a chance aaand!!! Oh my goodness!!! It was sooooooooo yummy! I mean it was so yummy that I hardly touched my delicious fries! Well, my normal favorite is the quarter pounder with cheese .... today it was that Spain inspired burger. I guess it was the cheese or the sauce(normally I don't like sauces on my burger) but I don't know if it was the combination of bacon, the different cheeses or what, but it was soooo good. Yum I will have to come back to this McDonalds. I don't think they sell this burger in just any McDonalds, I think it has to be in one of the safari themed ones. Anyway it was really good! It made my day! I was happy the rest of my meetings and sessions. Normally it would be boring but hey my tummy was cheerful and so was I.
Put the animals back on the building
I frequently visit this McDonald's and I'm never disappointed which I know isn't saying alot but these days normal as advertised service is a hard to come by thing.
I had to get out of the rain and service was really quick.
Had great service last night fast and friendly with fresh food
I   ve been going here my whole life no ½ï¿½ï
The ice cream is the best. But the Hamburgs are to small and the frys the make are the best as long as there Hot
They are really good people that work at this McDonald's they go out of their way to help. The place is very clean and we'll run
The people work there very friendly. Simply i love it
They still remodeling. But good food
They did not have the 100+ flavors coke machine
I like that it is animal theme and has a playground but the cashiers are rude and they can't get your order right so they get mad when you tell them you are missing something. Also they are dirty.
"Stopped by for a quick grab on my way home.
Got my burger wrong but the drive through line was too long so I feed it to the birds. (10:30pm)"
Everything was good during oiut visit.   The staff was friendly and the service was prompt.    The food was hot and fresh.  This is where we go after our visits to the Dallas Zoo!
"gregory is amazing & this place has good
service ! got my order in less than 3 minutes"
Horrible, First my nephews cheeseburger, The bun was to hard to cut through then the burger patty was old. I know bad buns and burgers, Ive worked at a McDonald's. Second was my Mcflurry, I ordered the oreo Mcflurry. She put the oreos on the top and didnt mix then in and when i asked her to mix it. She said "We dont do that." BUT THE MCFLURRY MACHINE WAS BEHIND HER?!? Then she rolled her eyes at me! NEVER GOING HER AGAIN! HORRIBLE SERVICE! HORRIBLE FOOD!
Fries were hot and fresh not soggy at all. Actually had to wait a few moments before inhaling them as to not incinerate my tongue and mouth
Worst experience ever. Customer service is the worst in this location. The staff working 6/16/19 at 3:00am is the worst. The messed up the orders and didn ½ï¿½
I was just there this morning; to order a couple meals to go ; the word is TO GO right? Okay so we order and tell me why my food was wrong and I didn't get my iced coffee ?And when the cashier asked if it were for here or to go; I said to go. Hmm they always mess up orders and nevertheless get them right; the floors are always sticky and dirty as well some tables no where to really sit. Bad to come here
"I went this week end with my kids the indoor play ground smells like a mens gym
the temperature was warm inside there for the activity needs to be cooler. The outside ketchup dispensers don't work and the servers get upset when you ask for more ketchup or sauces. If I order a 20pc chicken nugget and 4 med fries I will need more than 2 bbq sauce and 4 packages of ketchup. Plus a Vagrant was hitting people up for money inside the restaurant. Not going back ever again you guys need to clean up that place"
Food was okay not hot but warm. It could be better
Excellent customer service and well prepared food.  Drive-thru staff were professional and friendly. I even had eye contact and a smile!  This is how it's done!
I had to ask for every single little thing.  Ie: napkins,  catsup,  spoons for the sundays,  peanuts,  extra peanuts. My receipt. Clearly she didn't want to be at work.  SMH. 0 RATING.
Pretty awesome and reasonably priced  too really like the any size drink for a dollar.Reminded me a lot like (Chi) town' own very well liked & famous for the best hamburger by far south side White Castles hamburgers
Did not provide a receipt and didn't give us the chocolate milk in happy meal! Rude service. Shame on this location  
Terrible food and terrible service. While waiting at the window someone started yelling at the employee in which he stopped to yell back and call her a bit** and tell her that someone named bebe won't be in till 5. Highly inappropriate and I felt I should have drove off which would have been the better decision. No one should ever go here and they should rethink the staff
Doesn't deserve a single star. My burger was slopply made and half sticking out of the box. Way to much pepper poured on the chicken and gave us a drink instead of a shake that I ordered. By far the worse mcdonalds in Texas area. Would never come back and rather drive out of Dallas to order my food at another Mcdonalds.
Every time I come here they never get the order right, and if they do they never give the correct sauce. It don ½ï¿½
Probably the worst McDonald ½ï
Clean fast accurate and most importantly friendly. I take a few extra minutes to go out of my way to eat at this location.
I received my order as ordered 
Apart from restroom being to cold on a cold day the place looks nice. Awesome animal displays.
The people from the night shift they are so very rude ! I pass tru last nite and i try to buy a burger the manager told me on the speaker i em not ready yet  WTF , it was only me on the drive tru , the i wen araund and she was talking to her boyfriend on a black chalenger selling drugs and smoking weed they sell DRUGS TRU THE NITE OMG !!!!
Horrible customer service. I ordered waited 5 min at the window and ask me 3 time what my order was. Then was told to pull up and waited 8 more min and  no one came out. So I went inside and they forgot about my order.
Interesting McDonald's like the animal theme nice place to bring the kids
Awful. Just awful. 1030 at night, waited 20 minutes in drive through, finally got to window (after being harassed by homeless people) and told manager I didn't think I should have to pay for food after waiting 20 minutes. All I got was a bunch of children that gave me grief. Unacceptable.
Over priced for the quality of food and the customer service is poor.  Hire a diverse quality trained staff and the company should get better Customer Service
order was wrong, but staff made it right and free burgers and fries
They didn't have items that were on the menu and the food we got was not the normal quality.
Son loved his happy meal this is the zoo McDonald's it is great it has fake animals and animal pictures everywhere
I came there with a fiend and we were told a price for our total, and after I arrived at the window the lady charged me another $5 dollars. Really? I did pay them, but come on.
Best McDonald's in Dallas! Great way to continue the zoo fun after walking around the Dallas Zoo all day. Kids always have a blast in the clean play area.
Bread a little too dry/stale, but the service was so wack by supervisor. Cashiers were great though.
Always great to go there but they need to work on giving food or right to there customers several cases of not handing me the right stuff
Disappointed it took 20 minutes to get through the drive-thru
Their customer service was better then most McDonald's here in the dallas area. Very clean and the floor plans is like the zoo alot of animals trees .... Loved it
They were remodeling it and only the drive through was open. Line went fast and food was nice and hot.
Food was hot! Still got homeless people begging for money not for food. And why are not the staff wearing gloves handling the food back there.?
Fast, fresh hot food, staff is friendly.
Would be slightly better if they paid more attention when you order. Still pretty ok if you like the sounds of the zoo to follow you to lunch.
Theme has been removed...
Leave Don   t Sp
A mess all trash overflowing cashier more worried about who didn't come to work . I expected better from this md,s by the zoo. Clean up people.
There is a new zoo animal added to the front can you guess what it is....the service was gr8 and not a long wait!
Took a very long time to get our mobile order but our order was correct. Which was great.
Mgr used great CS skills after another customer recieved my order. She was awesome under pressure..
Horrible .. received a cheese burger with literally 7 slices of cheese on it. When we came back to change it we sat in the drive thru for 5 minutes while the cashier talked to her friend in the drive thru.
Cashier and staff made us feel very unwelcome. Unfriendly staff. Very rude and disrespectful. Needless to say, we didnt stay.
I had to wait 15 minutes for a Happy Meal and Mc Chicken sandwich. The person bringing your order had  no mask on.
They just put the fries back in the oil so you think there.fresh and fries didnt even had salt also the fries had alot of oil and the meat was not fresh the buns were hard   I try to call back and they never answer the phone these happen in the night shift
Cancelled my order today due to the fact this location doesn't serve water. Cancelled my family's order. How can I wash this greasy food down if cant even buy water here. Blows my mind
Service is needing improvement.... car's backed uP in drive thru  
The service was outstanding and I enjoyed being there.
"All order was correct and made quickly. Ordered #4 chicken sandwich.   Fries were burned.

Staff friendly- busy stop."
The phone still taste good but the services gotten pretty slow I love all the inside playgrounds for the kids on these hot days
Always quick to get you served . One of my favorites.
Same as Jack in the Box, they mess up your order because they can't hear out of those stupid headsets, then there's another charge, & more wait time. ½ï¿½
This place customer service is TRASSSSSH throw the whole McDonald's away NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! By the way I HAD TO ADD A ï¿½ï
A must be place after you visit the zoo. Have an ice cream and drink soda here with kids and enjoy the background animal sound and decorations.
These people are slow as hell. I waited for 20 minutes for some yogurt. 20 minutes!! Don't come here until they hire better people
Fast Food that taste good...not very clean with alot of cosmetic repairs needed...also not one single Anglo American working there? What's up with the image of diversity McDonalds is so proud of?
Kids love McDonald's but when people making drug deals in the parking lot there is an issue.
The very poor and unsatisfactory customer service reflects the equally subpar food products being sold here. I pray to see the day this franchise leaves this earth like the black plague.
Past service has been good until recently went in stood for about three minutes at the counter while olga laughed and giggled it took a person from the back to ask me did I need help  and take my order and no it was not busy
Food was cold as their heart. And the classic, they forgot to add the barbecue!
I ordered a caramel machiatto and it tasted really spoiled. Last time I will be visiting here.
Until they do the upgrades at this store in this area just throw the whole store away.  The entire crew needs training just to fix a mocha coffee sad real sad.
You know not every fast food serves you with great service but this McDonalds do. Plus they offered speedy service
Very friendly staff
Great location.. next to Dallas Zoo entrance. Plenty of parking spaces.
No one should have to wait more than 20 minutes in a drive-thru lane at a fast food restaurant for their order.
The food was the right temperature. I was cared for with attentiveness. Very satisfied with the cleanliness of the restaurant.
Good service. Very nice people. Fast and affordable food. Thank you McDonald's$
Dirty,service so Slow,Only Odered a shake,friends ordered to eat here a very large order & it was served to go,Cashier rigging her nose,sniffiling
Fast and speedy drive thru. Happy and polite staff. Spicy chicken with extra sauce !
Poor customer service skills, consistently mess up orders. We drive 4 miles further to a better location more often than not.
First time having the chicken strips, they we're delicious.  Like them a lot better Rehn l than the nuggets.
"It was  very bad. In the wrong side of the neighborhood  .  Road was all messed up .
Employees were very dis respectful"
Able to purchase breakfast and or lunch/ dinner at 3 am which is a great convience. Wanted jack in the box but lots of cops and for three am options are great .
Can't even give it a star it was nazty service sucked too many things just going wrong all at once decided to go else where ooooh and who in the hell has a bday party at the McDonald's at the zoo really I know  ½ï¿½
There were no cars in front of me and it took over ten minutes for them to take my order. I would have left if I hadn't had a starving 5 year old with me.
Restaurant very dirty trashcans were full the whole hour I was there. No one even wiped down a table. Sad to see there is no pride in anything.
this is my second time going through drive thru in the same person gave me my food with an attitude if u do not like your job dont work. on 3-29-2019 07:30pm
Sausage McMuffin was good, very cute decor with all the animals both inside and out. Feels like your in a rain forest, or on a safari
I used to not have issues with the location I went to last night but in recent months they have been giving me the wrong order or not giving me my whole order amd when I went last night the night employees came off like they hated their job and didnt care about customers
Stopped here on a trip out of town. Very clean and fresh food compared to others I've been.
It's okay for kids it's close to the Dallas zoo and kids can eat at play area where they have all the jungle animals from the zoo they can play with and take pictures
Pretty quick service and food was hot. As good as It gets at McDonalds
We waited a really long time.  The order was accurate.
Excellent food and super friendly staff.
BRING BACK THE ANIMALS
A Mickey D's outside of the zoo? Brilliant! And then to have it zoo themed ... perfect, other than the shake sound scaring me while I ate.
Roaches in this place. They have totally let it get run down. Hope you enjoy your McRoaches
This location is clean, the counter people are friendly and efficient, and it ½ï¿½ï
They don't know the definition of costumer service.  Wrong order twice on 1 day.  They respond so rude . Horrible experience avoid this place
Don   t go to this McDonaldï¿½ï¿½ï
My fries were cold (thats all I ordered) and took 14 minutes.
The employees are incredibly friendly. I just need the customers to stop throwing their trash on the ground! Respect the Arches!!!
No wifi
Aviation museum is a wholesome place to visit . It ½ï¿½ï
Loved the timely service. Hot and fresh food items.
Good coffee....they didn't have the donut sticks I was craving for, that's why I gave them 4 stars
Customer service is bad, they were super slow. They did not complete my order and when I asked them for the rest of the stuff, no apology when they handed it to me.
I ordered small hot coffee the coffee was cold  this the second time different day I'm not going there no more also drive true is slowed  ½ï¿½ï
Short staff, the guy taking order must have been stupid, I  called out my order 3 ½ï¿½
It was dirty there were fly's and they got my order wrong. When I asked to get my right items they acted like I Was wasting their time. I switched to J n B now.
WHY DID THEY REMODEL THIS GEM
This version of McDonald's was pretty cool and the employees were very nice. They smiled alot.
"This manager tru me out.
Siad a was not welcome n his store just cus o told they need open at 5 am"
McDonald's salad grilled chicken with cabbage with carrots milk
Keke is the best i appreciate her great service kindness n patience. Young lady with a great future ahead. Thanks KEKE
Clean, keep the entrance door windows clean, polite to the customers,  always have my UBER orders ready for customers.
better than most.but the burger meat was cold fries was hot and good tho
Very good, pretty punctual, there's some issue with the ordering, ordering screen, and the timing of all of that.
I haven't been a McDonald's fan in a while but every time I come here the food is perfect!
I love this place..a great place to bring kids...n if u r in a hurry its the best place to stop,trust u wont be there long
Beware they walk away with to the back with your bank. They not suppose to do that. I went off on the cashier. I will be calling up there to speak with a manager
Worst place ever not be rude anything gay guy there so rude dont no his name he has go change that addituded am regular customer they do this i got large frise and i got half my frise only not even enough make large he really need switch it up    ï¿½ï
Noise of animals is scary. There should be warnings.. aside from the cheetah print booth seat decal. Beware.
We are relying on the workers to take the orders correctly.  Thanks for coffe with no cream or equal.
Worst McDonald's food ever. Mcchicken was so dried out I couldn't even eat it, the service was terrible and the guy at the window was rude and was cussing with employees while we were at the window. Smh
Went in late visiting from out of state thinking lobby was open since door was open and manager acted like we broke in and threatened to call cops if we didnt immedietly leave. Very rude
Just look at the design and those huge inside playground! You can order latte and apple slices and forgot about kids for half hour:)
Good place to eat at if you're on the go! I like the sausage & biscuit w/egg,and it's good.
Fresh food, been around forever- staff seems to have become better under new management A+ good/bad location- but over good place to eat!
Best food at best price.
Went to order something to go .. I get it that there   s a long line that ½
Its what you would think.  Staff was friendly and quick service.
Yes this McDonald's off of 35 and Ewing is the best their service is great and they're very fast I go there every morning to get a coffee and they're very fast I go there every morning to get a coffe
Depends on the worker that you get can either be really nice or really rude! What can you expect from McDonalds in oak cliff?!
Very good customer service near the Dallas zoo very pretty theme of animals
Best food nice worker. They work hard for there ppl.. thank u
Rude order taker's slow sss servers. Never get my orders right.
The shrip and salmon tacos was absolutely tasted. Great flavor
I saw them hand mixing a shake and my Mcflurry wasnt even mixed. Best thing here are the animal sculptures.
The manager named Amber was awesome! So was the crew!
Just a rude staff who seem to have a bad attitude.  Order was correct and fine just rude people.
By far one of the dirtiest McDonald's I've ever been to. 10 dirty tables the entire time we were there. No hand sanitizer...
Hard to describe.
No electric outlets to charge phones!!!!  This McDonald location is falling back hard. The staff have very poor work ethics. Tattoos and lack of respect are prominent here.
Over run with pan handlers and drug users. I didn't even feel safe in drive thru.
This McDonald's is very sometimy sometimes they get it perfect sometimes its horrible. Best in the area though ill give them that.
Fries were hard and cold tasted like they were from the bottom of the pan and nuggets were old and nasty. Never will go here again!
I wasn't in a hurry but the drive though was super fast. 2 mins if that long
Service was good, food was normal, play place was great, except the AC wasn't working.
Slow service and the food was wrong not once but twice. Complete waste of time and money
Very bad customer service, i didn't even get a thank you. They  made me way long time for my order
The food came out in okay amount of time for 3 a.m. But they added a chicken sandwich to my tab and forgot the cheese i added.
Food was terrible. My friend and I both threw up after a few bites.  Ordered a coke and got a dr pepper
Yea, I love your food, so many varieties,  like dollar menu's.
The line took for ever! 20 people in the kitchen and mo movement,  it was slow food! Not fast food!!!
I know its part of the Dallas zoo attraction but the past two times I took my two granddaughters it was packed inside and the play area was filthy the trash bins were flooded with trash tables were nasty and dirty to sit at luckily I take my disinfecting wipes to takeouts with me.
Lines are long but thats to be expexted. Frys were good and hot
They always get my order wrong, either they don't give me something ,or they give me the wrong thing.
Bad service. Very dirty. Bums are everywhere  begging for something. And did i mention very dirty? I'd go somewhere else next time.
Order was spot on and woman at drive thru window was awesome for it being Jan 1 at 330 am
I asked for a side of Big Mac sauce a did not receive any also I ask for large fries and got a small instead and to top if they assumed I spoke Spanish how rude!!
Fast service staff could be more courteous be these are hard times so all is well.
They was loud and had attudes and hanging all out the window my food was cold this was a bad place to eat at
Sign said dining room open, but doors were locked.
Service was bad waited a long time for my food and coffee. Then they gave me the wrong coffee
Good people good place to stop and get a bite to eat that this McDonalds
Best McDonald's there is.  The atmosphere is life size zoo animals and sounds reflective of the Dallas zoo next door.
It's line is usually long but that's normal. Good spot if u want to grub on mc.dz
They messed up my order and did not want to fix it
Cool location but ppl out side beggin for money
Ok service cashiers sometimes are rude
FASTEST SERVICE OF THE McDONALS's LOCATION. I DO NOT EAT HERE BT THE SERVICE FOR UBER EATZ WAS GREAT. STAFF WAS NICE.
It would be nice place if you could enjoy your meal without people asking for money the whole time
Never get your order right!! And when let them know they got your order wrong... They get mad smh
Service was very slow. 10 minutes for 1 egg mcmuffin. No apologies for the long delay.
Long lines but wait was short. Employees were fast and friendly. Clean bathroom.
The person taking our order took forever to get on the speaker because the crew were all inside playing around.He was rude on the speaker as they continued to play and laugh.
Rude!!!!.....and they gave me the wrong order.
Stop by here February 16 in the morning at 6:00 am I waited 20 minutes and they gave me the wrong order in the end they have no service and I asked for sauces for my food and they didn't have what kind of store is this
A very unique McDonald's since it is next to the Dallas Zoo it has a Zoo theme inside. Nice from the norm to take the children
Was quick but drinks weren ½ï
Check you food good because my wife had chewed into a frie that she thought was burnt but no she spot it out and we checked it out who knows what it was but it smelled really really bad and tasted nasty my wife said
Still the best McDonald's to take the kids to play...old but clean and everyone is very nice
Love the zoo decorations with all the animals!
I have never seen a McDonald's painted this beautiful.   If you have not been you must visit.
Very friendly customer service n fresh hot food
Nuggets were hot and fresh.
Same as always. Drive thru was a tad long but still got thru in a timely fashion.
Kids loved the zoo theme they made sure food was correct awesome service
Pure attitude from young lady at window.  Not a place I will go to ever again.
Good staff this restaurant really is a fast food they fast thanks
Fast friendly service. Order was complete and correct. A value for my budget.
This McDonald's is slow and they're always messing up your order..you go through the drive for fast service, only to have to wait 10 to 15 minutes for your food...AFTER you've already waited 10 minutes in line to pay..its ridiculous..
Got my other right the first time and was fresh
They have better services that other locations. Great ppace to bring kids.
My husband found a LONG black hair as he was chewing a piece of his big mac. 
Good Atmosphere and very creative with the zoo theme but itit's in a horrible neighborhood. The worst in Dallas
Gets a little busy and sometimes they are a little slow , genuinely nice people there.
Slow service
They keep serving stale food and when you request fresh food, they put your food in the microwave and reheat your fries, I saw it with my own eyes.
This is the worst McDonald's I've ever been to how there still open I don't know the employee at the drive thru was rude, buns were hard, I was missing two burgers out of the order, the nuggets were cold they tasted like they were old if I could give them a big fat 0 I would very disappointed with this restaurant...
My giant got to act up w. The creatures.Fun for all!
Got hit up by a beggar with 30 seconds of parking.  Beggar then proceeded to move inside to converse with employees.
Girl at the counter much rather text than take orders. Then told me to mind my own business.
Great food, super customer service, and quick in and out.
Night crew really sucks I had to go around twice to get my order correct and when confronted they want to get a attitude like it's my fault they work there smh
Worst macdonald   s  in the world. There are people asking for money in there which is very 
Very crappy place they have me waiting 15 minutes for a cup of coffee finally I reminded him and they had forgot that I was waiting for it crappy place bad service
I had a large order they filled it quickly and politely!
This is the worst mcdonalds ever!!! There is always something wrong or out of stock. And the customer service is the worst. employees always look mad and never greet or smile.
Staff is very nice. Food always hot.
Coffee is a reasonable price for me
Anytime I go, I have an enjoyable experience so far. If anything changes I'll post it.
Horrible costumer services!!! Waited in the drive thru more than 10 mins.
24/7 McDondalds with Zoo theme great atmosphere
DO NOT GO HERE!!!!
"Good quite place with good costumer service
 ½"
All I wanted was a steak egg and cheese bagel but they don't serve those at 4 o'clock in the morning but the food still good
Too slow...need to be more welcoming and get orders right !
This McDonald's has its shifts. Some shifts better than others. Morning shift is perfect.
For me is excellent thanks Google
Quick...friendly...really want to serve you ...really want you to be happy with food
Decent egg McMuffin and coffee. The potato/hash browns was just warm.
They must have been busy before we got there cause the store looked nasty
Good. This time there was no wait for just a large chocolate.
Waited almost an hour for two mcchickens asked for ketchup no kethup asked for water no water this mcdonalds sucks
The staff here are nice and hard working. Love this spot.
THEY HAVE THE. GREAT COFFEE THERE I ENJOY THE ONE BY ME ON GREEN OAKS
Slow drive through but good food, overall a 3.5
Staff will do their best to serve you quickly and correctly.
It's just packed to the door everytime I come but I don't be there more than 20 minutes
Jamie is excellent but the drive thru service is not professional
Kids loved the food and the zoo theme was awesome.
Easy, fast and cheap. Tasty, ok. Time: good.
Extremely rude service and super slow. The place was dirty also
Eat inside!! Kids will love the play area.
My experience here was good, came in, ordered, and got my food.
Know someone there named Kyrin, he called me a bot then messed up my order
They are lazy and rude, and in my opinion racist only happier to serve their race.
Parking lot is crowded and road construction nearby is making it worse.  Good service
My son loved the zoo theme
They were pretty fast but the food was over cooked
Great place I love my Macdonald coffee
Food was nice and Hot and very Tasty.FRESH  ½
Leaving the zoo with my kids, stopped to grab a bite to eat but my kids said the restrooms were dirty. We left.
Learn about the app for McDonald's and the crew was Great
The place is adorable! And great shakes
Horrible service, the wait was excruciatingly long and the workers were very unprofessional.
Bad food and service the soda is flat, and good is horrible and I've never met such ghetto personel
Hispanic young skinny girl, Shes at the cash register and her attitude stinks  
McChicken always calm my hungry momentums
Their ordering speakers both dont work, waited like 20 min
They have fake animals inside that make sounds when u tap them
Food could be warmer but it wasn't other than that it's near the Dallas zoo and is better than the other mcdonalds bear by.
Very busy. Long wait for both ordering abd gettibg your food
Needs electrical outlets and wifi that works. But excellent service friendly severance clean
Definitely a nice and clean McDonald's. It has a Dallas Zoo theme that we really liked.
I love this McDonald's because its awesome for small kids animal decorations everywhere and big play place.
Slow service waited 15 minutes in line and the food was not fresh
Under renovation/ Construction. Longer wait
Did not make my coffee right. Tasted like water.
Very hot in the play area and it also smells like it's never cleaned.
ýýýýYeah ýýýýMcDonald's is my kind of place, ýýýthey feed you rattlesnake, ýýýýfrench fries up your nose, ýýýýmilk shakes between your toes... McDonald's is my kind of place.....ýýýý ýýý
This location has a very nice Zoo Theme, kids love it!!
The only mcdonalds not serving breakfast all day yall trash
Love to spend time here with my daughter.  We felt like kids again!
The manager here runs a tight ship, organized, friendly staff,
Didn ½ï
"THE FOOD WAS OK
THE CUSTOMER SEVICE WAS EXTREMELY OFF POINT RUDE CASHIER N MANAGER"
It would be nice if they put the vegetables INSIDE the burgers and not UNDER it
Food was so bad  ½ï
Fast drive through service with gentle behavior  
Always getting you're orders wrong
Friendly service, clean restroom, & perfectly cooked food!
Employees where quite rude and rude to each other but the place was clean and food just just OK kind of cold.
A zoo themed McDonald's is the perfect place to grab something to eat before heading into the Dallas Zoo.
Great food and service
20 pc nuggets hot and fresh out the oil! Excellent!
one of the best Mc Donald's I visited,great for kids!!!!
good place. nice folks. that one ginger white kid is a gem
Super cute place for kids to visit before or after the zoo.
Early morning breakfast and coffee. I love to be greeted with a smile, especially spending my money.
I only ordered fries and they were perfect
Not bad for a McDonald's. Zoo animal themed. Very busy for size.
Awesome breakfast, quick and easy service.
Customer service not so great.
It sucked the people did not make my order correctly and kept rushing me
The place was very clean, nice and we got our food quick, but our order was not complete and the guy got upset and mad when we asked for the rest of our order.
This was a great experience this morning. I chose the lane that the screen went black. All of a sudden everything I knew I wanted I forgot seeing the black screen     ½. The rep was great she helped jog my memory    ï¿½ï¿
I went here 3/23 around 9:30pm and there were 3 women working that I witnessed making racial slurs against a Black man. It was incredibly upsetting and uncalled for   I understand the best of the best aren ½ï
I order through Uber Eats often. Every single time I order Chicken nuggets they Always forget to put the Barbeque Sauce I Requested in the bag. Always!! It's not nice. It's not ok. I order 40 Nuggets. 40 and not one Sauce in the bag. This has happened too many times. I'm sick of it. Today they also forgot to send an item I paid for. I'm done with this location.
Fast service Even tho lines be long at night service is quickly, I rarely heard them say they are out of any products like most do at night I have not yet tried an hot or cold coffee at night there, hopefully the machines still works since thru are on a very busy and tourist spot, very safe to go to at night.
Restaurant was clean. Ordering at a kiosk was pretty impersonal but the cashier was nice. I didn't like my breakfast choice - it looked like an english muffin with sausage. But the muffin was very soft and tasted like syrup. Yuck. My sweet tea was weak at best. However everyone else with me enjoyed their meal. Bathroom was clean too.
I came today at this store at 9pm and the person in charge scream from a table to us. That it was closed (a lady with red curly hair) i  didnt said anything to her and when to the computer because people was ordering, when she came to us; she said again it was closed, i told her it said outside and in the page that this store close at 11pm. She said in a rude way: if you order your food will not be prepared. And she closed the computer. I didnt said anything to that woman, because im not wasting my time and energy with  people as rude like that. I   m  writing this review because this is the closer store to my house, and is really sad that a company as your have this unprofessional & rude employees and is not the first time i have a bad cx service experience in this store, but today was to far. I dont think this are the values or your company, but, this is what your 
Seriously? Says 24hours first off. We arrive around 2:50am. Then we SAT IN LINE FOR AN HOUR only to get to the window at 3:55am for her to tell us    We   re closed.    Claimed they said it over the mic    what? To whom? And definitely not to us. We were speaking into the mic for ever with no response and continued to wait in line until the window ½ï
It took me more than 20 minutes for them to deliver a mocha frappe and look how they delivered it, I had never seen this before, I attached a photo
Terrible. Wouldn   t take cash. Managers are so rude. Don   t ask for anything extra or they will gossip about you in the kitchen. Unprofessional, very unsatisfying. Need new st
i am a tourist here . i came in the prices were already higher but that was fine the problem was the employees i ordered a rootbeer  but cashier didnt speak enough english to tell me he kept saying no ice. i stood there for 5 min waiting just a simple drink until another worker came over and explained they didnt have the drink and if id like to change. which i did pls retrain your employees and have someone with proper understanding at register so that theres no problem
It's McDonald's so I don't expect much if anything but the people running this one don't have a care in the world. Staff walking around in the back wearing scruffy old pyjamas looking street wear. (ie not the uniform and not even clean looking personal clothes) No hairnets. Kiosks not working. Slow service at the counter and long wait for food. Missing items. I could go on.
"The worst McDonald   s I have ever been to! First we waited in one of the drive through lane for over 15 minutes just to find out it was out our order. No signs and no one notifying the customers. The other lane was long so I parked and ordered online for curbside pick up. After waiting for a while, no one deliver my food so went inside believing maybe they were short staffed but the employees were chatting and wondering around. order.
Even more disappointing, fries were cold and soggy. What happened to the tomato, lettuce and mayo in "
I can't believe how many times they ask me if I wanted cheese on my double CHEESEburger I ask for it only ketchup n onions I'm surprised they didn't ask me if I wanted the meat as well. SMH
Worst McDonald's I've ever been to. On Friday, February 17th, it was closed at 9:41pm. Wth? Really? Couldn't believe it. Staff that turned me away wasn't very polite either. What is this? Chucky cheese or something? Although I think even they stay open longer than that, Friday night c'mon. I hope someone from corporate will read this, might as well shut this dump down if you're gonna close around 9 on weekends
Please review the receipt showcasing what I ordered along with the pictures of what I have received. This is the most disgusting order I have ever received. Aside from it being completely incorrect, the products arrived COLD. The fries are soaked in oil and hard because they have probably been sitting outside all day. The sandwiches are not fully cooked and COLD. The drinks are disgusting. I   ve never seen anything like this and they are not even full. I ½ï¿
Worst McDonald's I've ever been to. The workers move in slow motion and ignore you. I had to wait 20 minutes just to pay for the food I ordered on the kiosk. My diabetic brother-in-law is shaking waiting for his food this long.
Slowest fast food restaurant I   ve ever gone to. I ½ï
I went today to get food and they said two times they were not open. It clearly states they are open 24 hours. I asked nicely twice why they were closed and all I got was we are closed. Not professional at all and not right. I understand things happen but why no answer back? But the whole place is lit up. Just give me an answer.
Came here at 4 in the morning and they told me they are closed, but right before I drove up to the window there was another guy Infront of me that they served. Something else funny has happened at this McDonald's before! I went there in person to get a milkshake but they told me they don't have it, when I got home I went on Uber eats and ordered a milkshake from that same McDonald's XD. LOL
"For workers like her big companies' name are ashamed.

What a horrific experience I just had;  this lady you see in the picture for telling her she was giving me a wrong item and not the one I paid for she started a big drama and spilt my son's smoothie and started singing a vulgar song/lyrics as per offending me through that and not directly addressed to me. All that in front of the manager ..

Besides that waiting time was ridiculous long with a lot of customers not satisfied and even a uber eats guy had to cancel in front of  me because they didn't make his order in more than 20 min that I was there ...

Another lady in the back was not using the yellow paper that sandwiches have she was placing the  buns/bread directly on the table as she was preparing food for dogs. She saw me and start acting like nothing happened..

This place is a completely mess

JUST STAY AWAY"
We spent more than half an hour in the drive through. One person is doing all the work. The ice cream machine is not working as well as the milk shake :(
"Im here to update what it was a terrible review, this McDonalds was the worst ever (but so close to my house, that im end up here anyway)! But now everything is clean, my order was ready in 3 minutes, and the general manager
deliver my order to the table! This new general manager is amazing  ½ï¿½ï"
They keep talking to me when I told them that I am deaf and they gesture that the app is not working as I thought. I typed the orders then show them and I give them a card but they finally typed the phone, said only cash. They waste my 10 minutes time for nothing. Poor service! Non-friendly disability!
Everything is good but Dude what 
truly one of the web services of all time. my favorite part was when they said "it's Roblox.Amazon.Core'in time" and Roblox.Amazon.Core'd all over the place!
Ordered through rewards program ,  my order came incomplete  and cold , they refused to honor the reward deal ..... Go to Taco Beel cross street next time.... at least food will  be hot  ½
Great fresh food prep. One of the best McDonald's I've been to. Unruly school kids ruined the experience
Got me waiting for to long to take my order
"Pure and utter trash, was in line after ordering for about 40min just to get stale fries, and tried passing diet coke for coke. Very distinct taste.
If you're wondering, Fyi there was no way out of the line"
Its normal like other McDs. More or less clean. But the chickens are not fresh as usual
It   s been a while since I haven ½ï
Worst Experience EVER, i   ll never come back, they don   t know how to make a great customer service, the manager was talking up front with 2 employees more, the girl who gave me the fries, gave it to me cold and old, then i told her that they ½ï
I followed the suggestion of the app and did curbside again, however they took way too long to bring out my food. The last time I used this feature in the app they brought my food much quicker, in about 5 mins. This time it took them almost 15 minutes, that is a very long time for "fast food."
I beg you, go to ANY OTHER Mcdonald   s in the area that   s not this one. They don   t know how to ring up a mobile order... the 1st girl told me  ½ï
Third time coming and third time I've been served after a long wait. Often there is not a line yet there is still a wait. Food is good like at any other McDonalds but the service is so slow.
Excellent customer service and my food was hot.
It's supposed to be a 24 hour. I come there 5am in the morning. they talk about their  Close for cleaning. And the guys That told me this through the intercom, is in the lobby sleeping telling me through the drive-through headset.
Get the lady out the push out window early serving nasty attitude and wrong orders early in the morning
Service at drive thru is PATHETIC!!! Verrrrry slowwwwwwwww. There ½
Horrible service. Alot of items on menu not available for 24hr drive through
Went thru drive thru and food was served fast and correct.
"That Donald's tho'...

The burger bun should be less white bread and saw dust  and more craggy , textured with a slight bite"
Drive thru was quick and professional considering we had a order of 10 meals early in the morning
This is NOT 24/7. Maybe Fridays and Saturdays but at the time of this review 4:40am. It is not open. Staff still inside and not takong orders
Ordered in drive thru with my condiments and once food is brought out. No condiments now I have to park to go get them
Service was terrible here. Staff kept us waited for over 20 minutes while we could hear them chatting and laughing on the other side.
The guy at the window cussed me out because I asked a question, I didn ½
Paid 50$ and got half the stuff, the people dont know english and terible service ½ï¿½
Service was all great but it was dirty all over, it had a very foul odor
if i could give it 0 stars i could, HORRIBLE SERVICE never give you what u paid for and when u ask for it they spit on your food.
We were waiting in drive through 20 minutes every day . The speakers broke for at least a week and there was only one girl in the store at 11 pm.. that   s super cra
Sooo slow. I was 3rd car in the drive thru. It took 25 minutes!!
It was clean and we order from the touch screen  menu.  The place was small and not crowded.  ...
Guys, they   re not actu
TERRIBLE service they took 10 minutes to take my order when no one was in line. Then in the next lane someone pulled up had waited 5 seconds before someone took their order before me who had be been waiting. They charged me the wrong food and never got my correct receipt. Next window they lost my order and then got it wrong after I said very clearly what i wanted and it wasn't a complicated order just two burgers.
Fairly clean majority of the time. I guess that depends on who's working. But the customer service is pretty fair in all my experiences here. For a quick bite. I prefer this specific McDonald's. Food is always fresh. And I never have to ask for napkins.
"This is by far THE worst McDonalds I have ever been too. They  consistently deliver poorly McDonald service and food  menu item.
They poorly assemble burgers , chicken  sandwiches etc as it always their team members do not care on how McDonald   s standards are taken.
Please"
I rarely eat at mcdonalds but for convenience and the 40 min drive I had to take home I decided to give it a shot, it was 10:20 pm and went to the drive thru, the lady told me that "they were not going to take orders until 11 p.m" but it says 24 hrs isn't it? While I gave the round about I saw all the staff just sitting and chilling in the dining area... look I understand it's not the best job, but at least try... anyway do not try to go between 10-11 pm because you are not going to be attended
I ordered 4 cactus plants flea market happy meal and I didn   t have any toy. Actually i even made order twice but first order, they didn   t even deliv
It's a very nice renewed place. It's a shame that some homeless sleep inside the restaurant
Can get busy.  You can't miss it.  Parking is pretty tight but depending on the time of day you can find a spot. The staff have great customer service. The environment is clean.
Depressing & very sad memorial evidencing what happened during the Holocaust period!
Worst mcdonald's ever this morning I went inside no cashier they told me to use kiosk to order my food. I ordered and then had to wait 30 minutes this was so crazy and then I asked to speak with a manager and then I had to wait about another 15 min and then no staff members would speak English. They all need an attitude adjustment. I will never ever go to this Mcdonald's again never ever had to wait 45 min for a cup of coffee!!!! Please don't go and spend your money here!!!
Wait time in the drive thru was way too long.
Wow I have been sitting in the drive thru for an hour. Slowest mc Donald 
This place needs more attention and better management employees only do is play around flirt with each other and scream too much and the also have no hat or any hair net on the kitchen staff the only person I saw with a hair net is the cleaning lady
I ordered takeout from the McDonald's app. After waiting at least 20 minutes they finally talked to me and asked about my order. I said that I put my order in through the app. They said that because their system was down they could not give me the food that I paid for. I spent ten dollars and wasted a half hour of my life. I have had to complain to corporate, I have had to talk to a manager via email. Nothing has been done, they don't even want to give me a refund they merely offered me a coupon which they never gave me. It has been months since this had happened and there is still no resolution. If I left a McDonald's with ten dollars worth of food they would have me arrested but because I am a customer they are fine with stealing my money and my time. This is a terrible McDonald's and because of this experience I will no longer be going to any McDonald's in the future.
I love McDonald, so I going to eat my BigMac combo, very good! But the big problem is, very very dirt, dirty tables, dirt coming out of garbage cans, dirt on the ground!  I made a video and now I send it directly to McDonald Company!!! I talk with the manager!!
10:09pm right now at drive thru first time ever in my entire life have I heard a McDonald   s tell you that they are not taking orders until 20 minutes because they ar
Slowest mcdonalds in miami. It took them 40 mins to get me a mc chicken and bacon mcdouble. Cooks and managers are on their phones while 10 people including myself are at the counter waiting for our food
I have an hour waiting on an uber eats order , when i get to the window they say is not ready , they keep me and other customers waiting
Service too slow, over 30 minutes in the drive through. Only one worker was able to help me because the others did not speak or understand english.
Here you can order from a big touch screen and they bring the food to your table. It's also possible to order in advance through the app and they bring you order to your car.
I tried to dine in at 6:40 pm and they say they are closed like ??????  My guy right at the door it 
Service in this place is terrible! I used to order every week through uber eats and my order was always incomplete. Today i just order again since a long time without ordering and it happened again. When i go to pick up my food, workers there are rude and don   t have any good educat
Terrible.  Is not open indoors I tried to do a mobile pickup for ice coffee and the click that I picked it up but I never received it.  I couldn   t even go in
Bunch of zombies working here. The lady at the drive thru window is sitting down while there's a line that doesn't move. Absolutely no urgency.
New remodel makes it way more closed off and industrial and cold. You get wet sitting under a/c vent. Printer didn ½ï
Id give it zero starts if I could. The drive through only had two cars ahead of me to order and in total it took an hour. It took ten minutes no exaggeration at the order board for someone to take my order. When i get to the window he didnt know what i had and literally just then put my order in. It was not that busy at all and it had at least 4 people working. At the window he took my card for about two minutes and i froze my bank account just in case
everybody screams on their own table. It's not employees fault,but environment terrible.
Just horribly slow! Waited 10 minutes to get to the order screen at the drive thru, even though only two cars ahead of us in the right lane. It took another 40 minutes to get my kid's food. It really makes no sense
No matter how healthy you normally eat, Mickey D's fries are perfect after a long fun night out! The drive through attendant yesterday (03/06/22) was pleasant and even gave me a water cup and mini kid size fries for my dog.
I ordered a medium vanilla latte hot I got a large cup of ice cream. To completely  different items so how did they screw up my order. Coffee not ice cream it's really sad
I   ve been here tons of times. I came twice this week, and had some of the best McDonald 
This mcdonalds is wayyy to disorganized and they take forever to attend you. Yea, they are friendly but honestly waited to long just to get the order wrong.
Excellent food, great prices, superb value
The general manager of this location had the worst customer service I have ever experience! I order food , it was cold. He initially didn   t wanna give me fresh food or a refund, I sat at the drive Thur almost 30 minutes waiting . Once he seen I wouldn   t leave he gave me back partial payment and then called the police on me. I 
I have been in line for an hour to get 2 Quarter pounders meals. What ever happened to FAST FOOD? This is ridiculous. I have a starving child at home.
Customer service was terrible! After waiting five minutes just to try and place our order we decided just to drive up to the window to place our order. Once we got to the window the young lady that was suppose to be taking orders for the drive thru was just on her phone texting. The sense of urgency was nonexistent! All we wanted was a large fries and sweet tea  ½
"They are always late in their orders
I was there today 10/02/22 with my family and my food were done 40min late
They need more management"
Quick bite morning online orders usually M-F being on the run. I usually see Maria which works in the drive thru she the kindest most nicest person ever!!! Today I had a little hick up with my order and Paola took care of it right away which felt like a regular day as I come by the drive thru. Thank you Maria and Paola you guys rock!
I ordered food the first time and they missed two items then I got a refund and ordered it again and they got my order completely wrong I asked for it make flurry and a 10 piece chicken McNugget and they gave me a six piece spicy chicken McNugget and didn ½ï¿
For a fast lunch on the go, try a  ½
The worst McDonald i came across. Just takes them mire than 20 minutes from order to receive. Hope the building burns down.
Looks like they renovated since I last went - person taking order was pleasant despite heavy orders - bit of a wait in drive through because of number of cars
Was basically out of half the menu. Then we had them repeat back our $56 dollar order to us twice and once we got back to our hotel 2 sandwiches were missing. While paying with my card through the drive thru the cashier said I had to give her my pin number because the pad didn't reach out the window. I've NEVER had something like that happen to me anywhere in my life. Not a single employee had on a uniform. Just a total messed up experience
We wait in the line for over 20 min. When we arrive 2 employees were outside the store speaking. The worst drive thru service ever!
Every, time, I, come, here... EVERY TIME!! I don't think I've been able to ever successfully pick up an order from here.. like ever. They either don't have the order, or my pickup gets cancelled because of the wait time... Smh
If you like to have your order messed up, having people mumbling at you, and don   t care about getting any sauce with your nuggets this place is for you. The crack heads hanging out in the drive through is also a nice touch, although based on my experience those might just be workers on their break. Oh and the fries     ½... so old and stale they would make a great 
Terrible. In line for over an hour and my whole order was messed up. First they told me over the drive thru intercom that they don't do the coupon on the app then told me to pull around after taking my order. Make matters worse was the one worker kept scratching her hair, her hoody on her head, then take it off and scratch hair again. Not once did she wash her hands, but had the nerve to be mad at me because your coworker didn't ring up the order correctly. Definitely will not be coming back to this one. I'm glad I'm on my way back home to Texas, so I can get some Southern Hospitality.
Love frappes at this location. Sometimes there is not good service, I think is due to covid. We have to wait until the situation gets better with a full staff so I can give a more objective review.
Not 24 hours, more so when I feel like working especially late night. They sit inside and let a line build up and don't respond to multiple hellos. I don't get it. Customer service does not exist
"I never leave reviews but I had to here.

Honestly, if you visited every single McDonalds in the country and ranked them I am convinced this one would be dead last.

I spent an hour in the drive-thru and when I got to the window it took 10 minutes before anyone even came to the window and when they did they had no idea what I had ordered.

I have never seen a group of people move so slowly and with such little purpose or interest  in what they were doing. It seems like they were just annoyed to be working at all. Literally it looked like the whole crew was moving in slow motion, it was a sight to see.

Then when I finally did get my food the order it was, of course, not correct. But the weird thing is they didn   t short me they gave me an extra quarter pounder and fries.

I am just visiting and will never go there again anyways but "
Oh yes Love Mc Donald's sense little however I am Bother by The San Andreas Fault-line Going To Separate Not Enough Sewers To Drain The Ocean Water Of It Done might create a Domino AffectThe Great Wall of America The San Andreas Fault-line Emergency Plan SCUBA GEAR BEFORE THE SAM ANDREAS FAULT-LINE SEPARATE CASH APP GODHEADDIVA
DO NOT GO! As soon as I got in, I got yell at by one of their employees to get out and go to through the drive thru. I told her I did not have a car and she told me to wait in the line anyways. I standed in the line for cars and they took forever to make any orders. After  my order was done, they made me wait on the sidewalk and let other cars go ahead of me just because I was not in a car. The two cars behind me had bigger orders (I am talking 2/3 delivery bags). They yelled at me, they basically threw the food at me and I left with the worst experience. Is not fast food if you have to wait 30 minutes just to order.
They never have anything - Their Menu is always crossed out and when you order something ½ï¿½
Nothing too good or bad. Easy ordering but got wrong food on my order. Long wait time considering it was fast food.
When your hungry,it's the place to go!
Second time in less than 2.weeks apart. More than 20 minutes waiting in the drive thru because these guys take the wrong orders. A complete disaster.
"I move close to this unit, ordered via app to avoid the drive thru line, but for my surprise when I went to get my order that was ready I was forced to take an hour in the drive thru line.

This is supposed to be fast food.

When I went to pick up my order, the drinks were wrong, the potatoes were the wrong size and old, the Sundae machine was broken, they didn't deliver our sundaes and the attendance was super rude, saying that the problem was mine and not hers, burgers were in the correct Double Quarter Ponder box but when we got home, there were cheeseburgers and the third burger wasn   t in the bag!!

The amount charged on my card by the Mc Donald   s app was greater than the closing of the order.

I made a complaint to customer service that notified the unit but unfortunately no concrete action will be taken.

Never had a more disappointed experience estaurant again!"
"Awful service they had ran out of everything so we had to order 5 quarter pounders, two large fries and 2 reg cokes    the sodas were mixed with diet and something else and the quarter pounders were made with three hamburger meets and they were stuffed with Mayo and like 20 pickles    disgusting

They made a mess out of the order it was late and somehow 34 dollars later all all we had were three cups of water and one quarter pounder. When I asked to. Speak to the manager the youn"
Horrible experience! I ordered the Saweetie mea just tryna support my girl and several flies flew out of my bag!! I am disgusted beyond belief. All the food was cold and old on-top of that. Completely inedible. McDonald ½ï
Food was fresh and fast, however the lady working at the drive through window was rude and nasty beyond belief. Her disgusting long fake curly weave was not put up and she kept flinging it around as we watched it dip into many of the drinks. She was too busy putting on lip gloss and rolling around a fat piece of gum him her mouth. Very rude at the window and impolite to her manager. Health department would have a field day with this Sorry excuse for a worker.
They need to shut down this Mc Donald or sell it to a different management. Worst service ever!
Be sure to keep eye contact with who takes your order, otherwise with the slew of Uber eats orders coming in by the second, your order can easily become either relegated or dropped in priority. Craving ice cream? Ask them to make it last in your order, for if you're waiting, you might as well have ordered a milkshake being it will be pretty molten. Overall, the staff have changed for the better, and their service continues to get better and better.
The young ladies that work during the day are too busy chit chatting and texting and making the coffees wrong. Cashier at the drive thru window literally handed me my receipt with her head down and other hand texting. Very irritated that I paid for two coffees and it wasn't until I reached my next destination that I realized that they were made completely wrong. Ladies making the coffee were talking and laughing and didn't say hello, or thank you. Very rude.
The night shift is extremely slow and have gotten my order incorrect consistently. The day staff is really good though, especially given the volume of people who go there in the mornings. The environment is clean and the bathrooms smell good. The food is your typical McDonald- gotta love them fries! LOL
"Update: updating to 1 stars. Was at the drive through for over 20 mins today. Cars were leaving the line bc it wasn   t moving. Got on the 2 lane and no one came to the speaker. I left.

Customer Service is terrible. Starting from when you get to the ordering screen. Drive-thru employees never greet you, never thank you, they look  tired and moody. There is one or two exceptions, I did look at the name badge because I was surpri"
Solid dive bar with good food. The chilli is excellent. I had a salad which was decent too. You can smoke inside which is a rarity these days. Nice staff who are attentive and friendly in doing so. It's in an odd location for sure.
Disgusting as always , I think they pre make the burgers a day ahead , the bread cheese and the patty is old , fries fells still frozen lol or they wish to be frozen
"They served a bucket of stale oil, instead of a clean batch of fries and a filet-o-fish.
The patty was stale, hard (possibly refried), and the oil quality was very poor.
The fried weren   t fresh but sometimes this happens with door dash. But the quality of the oil and the staleness of the food was unreal.
Regret not making the choice for pizza tonight, could even eat this    foodï"
Place is very clean. The new way to order with the touch screen is very cool, very modern. The food is exactly what you would expect. Very tasty. The only downside was that you can only get napkins from one place (near the kitchen) so you have to get up to get them.
Terrible. Consistently understaffed. Just waited 45 minutes at drive thru. Food is disgusting
"Ordered a large iced coffee w/cream and sugar and an order of hot cakes.
Received a medium iced coffee with no sugar. And an old pancakes that are basically rubber. And to top it off no syrup, no butter, and a spoon to eat pancakes. Definitely wouldn   t recommend this location. It "
The employees here frequently have attitudes. Very frustrating!! There have also been a few times where they just decided to close the lobby early bc they felt like it. Myself and a few others were standing there showing the lobby close time and they always say 'We close a little early today...' Horrible management!!
Service is slow.  The neighborhood is so bad they have security in the lobby.  A person has to wonder just how safe is it to stop and dine here.  Lock your car.  Leave nothing if value in view.  Broken window glass in the parking lot
Good staff and good service
Do NOT go to this McDonald's if you're in a hurry. We were just picking up a drink so it wasn't a problem but ordering was chaos and there was a guy beside us who had seriously been waiting 35 min for his chicken sandwich. He showed us the receipt showing when he ordered and was trying to ask the staff what was happening and they were quite rude and just said "man you can see we busy". Also note that this was the only McDonald's we encountered in Florida that doesn't offer $1 any size soft drinks.
Overall a decent McDonald's. Clean and fast.
Food was good but place was kinda dirty . Not a bad review but they should have someone cleaning the tables more often
Terrible establishment. Slow af. Incredibly long lines. Waited in line for 40 minutes I   m the drive thru for them to tell me they arenï
Wonderful people here thank you.
"Staff are busy talking and they don't care about customers . And, they make us wait for long time at drive through all the time!
When I called at the store, they picked up the call. But when I start complain about this situations, they hung up on my face!  This McDonald used to be so good and professional.
I don't know what happened.
since they changed to new staff, got worse ."
Homeless people walking on  the restaurant, asking for money. Employees ignore it...
Drive thru cashier completely got my order wrong.  She order what she saw on register and not what I wanted.  Then look surprised when I told her.  The manager should not let her work drive thru. Which explains why the line was so long.  I'm sure I'm not the only order she screwed up. Don't normally post these comments,  but it's becoming more of the norm these days.
This McDonald's needs to close. I've ordered 15 times in 6 months and had 1 correct order. Don't order delivery, go yourself, and check the bag before you leave.
no stars!!! this is the worst ever service i have ever encountered 28 minutes in the drive-thru. I asked for a refund and the managers name and they refunded me my money and decline to give me the food. I ask the manager for her name and she walks away.... at the end i got my food for free but perhaps a better management team needs to come in and train cus these young women that were there yesterday 6/23 around 2pm were exchanging snapchat videos and chitchatting like they didnt have 8-10 cars in the drive thru
Bad costomer service slow workers
They have the worst manger ever. One of them have a lack of speaking which is Arlene Ledesma!!!!! She doesn't know what is being said to her. You can't get your point across because she won't understand . Can't handle the  customers and she's very disrespectful.
I live 150 feet away and waited an hour to place an order. This is supposed to be fast food. Never had a more disappointed experience with McDonald ½
the slowest mc Donalds in the world!  It is supposed to be 24 hours, but they leave it closed to customers and by car mac it takes 15 minutes per customer.  I mean I wasted 1h of my life waiting for such a bad and slow service
"Biscayne Blvd., and 35th Street
Based upon what I observed and experienced at the drive-thru window with 4 employees (one who couldn't even understand or speak English), I made a complaint to McDonald's yesterday and will wait to hear from someone with the franchise owner's organization.  The owner needs to know how poorly managed this restaurant is, and how inadequately the employees are trained to do their jobs.  I also have contacted and submitted a written complaint to Chris Kempczinski, CEO of McDonald's, as well as Steve Easterbrook who is the President and Chief Executive Officer of McDonald's in Chicago.  They need to understand why McDonald's is doing so poorly; afterall, when they have to communicate to their Board members and investors about a drop in multiple quarterly revenues and earnings over the past year, maybe then they will take a look at how poorly they select, train and manage their employees to create a positive customer experience with stellar service. I will not be going to this, or any other, McDonald's again!  It was that bad.  McDonald's corporation needs to do a thorough investigation of how this restaurant is NOT being properly managed by the franchise owner and managers.  The owner clearly must put numbers before people.  Horrible, horrible experience!  Will stick with Wendy's instead.  They have much better food and service!

04/05/2021 - As a follow-up to my complaint to McDonald   s 1-800#, and the CEO, I did receive a written response and phone call.  Kathy was very appreciative of the feedback received and thorough in her explanation of actions taken as a result of a completed investigation.  I was also compensated for the experience I had at this McDonald   s.  I will add that although I had been to this McDonald ½ï"
For the third time in the morning this is happened to me, the drive-through lady does not answer. I drove around the front this morning and they had about four employees there looking at me . One of them gave me a thumbs up to go back to the drive-through which I did and it was the same result the lady did not answer and finally I decided I would leave, and right before I left she answered by saying one moment please so I waited hey moment and she still was not ready so I just left . There have been two vehicles in the drive-through before me that had also left and I did not understand why until my experience. I believe the employees are slacking off in the morning which is difficult for me because if I don't have breakfast then I have to wait 6 1/2 hours at work before they allow me to go eat .
more than two hours waiting and I left without the order rude and drugged staff did not even know what they were doing
terrible service. waited about 1 hour for nothing, my order was completely wrong. My iced caramel latte was extremely far from good. and they don ½ï
Told a lady at least 3 times    ketchup, barbecue and ranch ½ï¿½ï¿
8:50 pm they have the doors locked and won   t allow anymor
The worst person in the world taking orders at the window 12 16 18 at 7:48am with red yarn braids very nasty disposition rude and verbally abusive when I ordered I was cut off no repeat of order no price given so I went to the second window no one was in the first the person was full filing the order with HUGE attitude I stated that no attitude was necessary she proceeded to bark at me as though she was ready to fight me with the whole neck action and more attitude......I will not go back to this location its the second time in 1 week that Ive been there to such treatment. I can not believe that the mngr allows this behavior this can not be the first issue with this person nor can this behavior not be unnoticed......
Almost everything I order was wrong. I order a Sunday with chocolate syrup, and they brought me caramel. I also order and paid extra for bbq sauce, and they didn't put any; the food was also cold!  Worst restaurant!
Warning- Check your order every time you come to this location. Guaranteed to be missing an item you ordered. Don   t let them tell you
I guess it's okay, it's McDonald's. You know fast food is supposed to be fast, right? This McDonald's was not. The fountain drinks are served by the workers so even getting refills is slow. That said, they're really nice people and they seem to work hard.
Cant hate on the workers... its Mcdonalds... just dont go to this location. And good luck trying the drive thru if you have plans in the next 2 hours
They won't mess up your order, but you will sit in the drive through for at least 15 - 20 minutes before you get to order and then wait another 10 minutes to get your food. Overall unless it's your only option, you should drive on to a better run McDonalds.
The new order system that takes the food to the table was not working .employees are very disorganized. Talking instead of doing their jobs  my coke spilled because it was poorly lid. I had a terrible experience at this location
Worst experience ever stood in line for 10 minutes to order asked when my order would be taken was told the system was down and was given a nasty attitude instead of proper customer service I was treated rudely bad enough the store was filthy fries everywhere on the floor the manager and the young lady was playing around with each other he tickling her on her side instead of fixing the solution I ½ï¿½ï
"The service at this McDonald   s on NW 36th Street and 22 Avenue is amazing!

I came in before my shift at City of Miami Parking Enforcement Department and had my breakfast.

I had two delicious and hot burritos and a Diet coke. There coke system is second to none always on point. The staff is friendly and ready to help yo"
Avoid this location at night. It's the worst! First the whole staff hates thier jobs and second the wait time for your food is like 30 mins or more, between them doing your order and all the uber eats, postmates and grubhub also waiting to pick up orders. Its a mess. They are understaffed and everything is wrong at this location.
This is what I call one of those 50/50 places. the food quality is always good, it's the people inside, specifically sometimes you have homeless sitting at a table, or a very loud bunch of drunk adults ( kids I don't mind, that's what they are suppose to do). there is nothing they can do, but I still get my order and eat at my scooter outside. not fun but what can you do.
I like the new design but the customer service has gone down hill. Way too many employees go there on their day off to socialize, they hang around the registers distracting emplyees who should be focused on their stations and tending to customers. The worst part is that one of the managers (a young latino kid) was engaged in of these conversations. I asked the manager why he wasn't controlling his staff and he just looked at me and laughed.
Very clean and friendly employees
Customer service here always at its worse. I get that they probably dont get paid enough,but they dont seem to realize that theyre not giving good customer service. You get what you give  
Fries cold. Order 80 nuggets only got 40.
Never again clueless manager with no management skills or understanding that you aid where your employees lack because she just stood there during the holdup. Never again
Open 24h for drive-thru. Burgers were good. The wait was insane. Maybe they had issues.
What a joke! Parking is awkward, went and asked for breakfast - they were out of muffins. Okay... asked me to wait a few minutes they'll start lunch at 10:30. Come up there at 10:30 on the dot - they tell me they won't serve lunch until 10:45-10:50, because they still have breakfast food left???? I didn't know the cashier's decide when to serve lunch now!
I placed my mobile order, they made me wait 30 minutes in the drive thru before I could get my food, this is a dump! Always a $h!t show there!
This is a very friendly restaurant.  Even when they are busy they seem to find a way to smile. Some do need to check their attitude at the door but for the most part they are usually very accommodating and service is typically good.
The worst experience.  Staff and management ignored the customers. Talked to each other.  Took 10 minutes to order.  Then 10 minutes to get my food.  No apology.  Management watched and said nothing during this whole ordeal.  Total rude and unprofessional.
This is the worst Mc. Donalds that I have ever visited. Sadly, this is the only one which is near my home and sometimes I don't have options to chose another one but, today, was the last straw. I made an order through the app and selected the pickup at the Drive Thru but when I got to the screen where we should order, the girl who was there didn't know what to do with my Order Code and when I got to the window and ask for it they didnt know anything neither and they pretended that I went inside because they do not dispatch mobile order by there. Also told me that the payment had not come through and I requested to cancel the order but, 3 minutes later I was charged with the order that I never got so, Im  making this complain because I am pretty upset and disappointed because I always eat in Mc. Donalds but in this store is always the same disgusting and poor service at all time or unless when I have gone: mornings and nights. Also, I disputed the charge you made to my credit card because, as you noticed, I never got it.
watch out for the jesse pinkman looking dude outside, he ½ï¿½ï
"The self service kiosks need to go... CUSTOMER SERVICE is lacking because of them. When you prefer to speak to a live person it's as if you've inconvenienced them. They do not listen while your ordering and have to repeat your order like 3x... I asked for an iced caramel macchiato and was asked if I wanted it hot or cold...? ICED... then was asked what flavor...? CARAMEL...

REALLY?"
Ample parking.  Orange juice very expensive!  3.50 for small one.  However, big breakfast was good as expected.  Clean, new looking dining room.  Customer service as usual
Went late one night to the drive thru and was told they were closed. I pulled forward and someone was paying for their meal. I thought this was a 24/7 location.
Night shift, Huge improvement since my last visit. Very organized and clean. Management controlling everything. It looks under new management. I like the new service of taking your food to your table.
"If I could give 0 stars, I would.
Food: not fresh, not the right configuration
Staff: dude handed me an oreo Mcflurry without making sure the cap was on properly and it went all over my car. Asked for a manager and he said there was none.... ok dude, if you say so.
Drive-thru menu: half the screen was off and the drive thru lady could not comprehend that - even as I pulled into the store and told her. She didn't get what was happening.

I can't believe McDonald's would let a franchisee get away with this location's issues."
They couldn't even put the cheese on my sandwich properly. Terrible.
SUPER RUDE CUSTOMER SERVICE FROM AN OVERNIGHT EMPLOYEE... i politely asked if the order on the table was mine and she asked me I DONT KNOW IS IT???...  ½
"The staff doesn   t understand english
They w"
Long wait in drive thru. Ordered double cheeseburger and mcdouble both no onion no mustard and received a dry not even ketchup and with Extra onions... I'm allergic to onions, realized too late to go back. Waste of time and money, trashed-
Unfriendly employees! Google said 24/7 - they were impolite and kicked us out before we could order and we were in line
I'll never come back to this McDonald's again. Went by for lunch & when I asked for a refill on my tea when leaving, I was informed that because I didn't buy a combo meal I couldn't get a drink refill. I guess the sandwich I bought didn't count. Tables were dirty too. Their not worth 1 star!
this cashier treats us very badly, nasty attitude he should not work here,
"Used drive thru at 12,15 am; finally got my food at 12,45 am. They have two lanes for offering and only one window to dispatch food for those, plus the uber drivers on foot at the window waiting for their orders.

Food was kind of cold, fries and breaded chicken tasted like burned oil and on top of that, they didn't put any mayonnaise or ketchup for the fries.

These big chains have no quality control.
It's actually sad when you compare the food from the picture to what you really get."
Food was left out of door dash order , called x6 and they wouldn ½ï¿
I'm currently in the bathroom. There is no toilet paper and nobody answers the phone when I call. This isn't a joke. I'm very serious. The dispenser has a slot for 2 rolls. Neither of which are filled. Careless. Hopefully someone reads this in the next couple seconds and helps me out. Again. This is not a joke whatsoever. I'm very serious. I'm upset and running late for a gathering.
Extremely slow service.
Slow service manager working register and takeout not enough help.
Worse service ever!
Both bathrooms are locked and not functional. No one in the store speaks English.
I have had two bad experiences  with this particular  location , cashiers at drive thru dnt greet customers , and we waited for like five minutes for someone to come back to take our  order , we were told it wasn't any ice cream , but when we came inside there was a customer leaving with ice cream . That's when one of the employees said  quote on quote why yall played  like that . Both incidents ms Taylor whose suppose to be manager could not control her staff , neither could she tell me who was in the drive thru taking my order.  She has no control over that staff !! And clearly does not know how to run her shift!!! Horrible horrible experience when ppl are spending money at this location You guys really need better staff and managers who can run their shifts and not let the employees run over them because clearly that's what's going on at this location  I have reached out to cooperate  once and until this  is solved I'll keep reaching out !!!!
The late night service is terrible!!! Waited in line for an hour before I was able to place an order! Someone needs to fix this system or hire new staff.
Pretty Clean dinning room and enough personal to serve you without make you wait too long. Big parking . Bathroom can be more clean. They have free WiFi.
I cant belive it that I have more than 30 min waiting for my order....La peor experiencia que he tenido en mi vida en un mc donalds
Horrible service... they take your order correctly.... they look at you if you verging for food... hello we are buying food not asking for food ... very unhappy people in this location  ½ï
they have no respect whatsoever for the customers the food takes forever and to top it all of its not even good quality food  i went in there today and the employee was being super rude i just had a question about changing a sauce in one of the sandwiches and he answered me super rude "if you dont like the sauce it comes with just change it ur f** self we don't get paid to do extra "  he said. i was left speechless i didnt even know what to say i just think its ridiculous ..i dont know why he would answer that to me so i asked for his name and i asked to speak to a manager . when the manager came to speak to me she apologized for the behavior and told me he'd be reprimanded and as im walking out the door i just see them giggling with eachother i feel super disrespected . the manager didnt even bother speaking to her employee about the way hes talking to customers. idk if the guy was having a bad day or something but regardless nobody should be treated that way ..i just asked a simple question and i was treated like garbage . if it wasnt for people like me going and ordering food these people wouldnt have a job so it bothers me that i was treated this way will never be going back. for those of you who decide to go here watchout for roberto clemente he seems to have plug up his ass or something and he things he's entitled to speak to people like there less than him.
This is the worst mcdonalds I've ever seen bums are laying around panhandling inside the store and the employees allow it.
I was in the drive through the young lady on the line says wait a minute we waited 10-15 minutes and we tried pulling up to the window to see what the issue was and we ½ï
Very nasty tables & Floor. I asked the manager if someone could clean she handed me a wet cloth and said person that cleans is on break. I ended up eating in my car . Very horrible experience, ManagenMan needs reviewing.
The fresh coffee is good! Only 99 cents, you can not beat that! A lot of freebies if you download the app! Paola,  the assistant manager,  is cute and friendly!
They didn't have ice at 2:30am this might so the drink was hot and tasted funny
The manager give me an attitude without even saying hello. She said that she wasn   t gonna take any more orders, that they were cl
Trash cans are overflowing, places very dirty workers were walking around in circles like they were on drugs only one person was even attempting to help customers. Had to wait 15 minutes and after constantly asking the help for one cup of coffee. Other customers were visibly frustrated as well.
Ordered 20 piece nuggets and they were not fresh and were very hard like they were overcooked. Also gave me the wrong sauce.
Customer service was atrocious , the employee named Sandra that attempted to take my order was dismissive and rude. She clapped at me while raising her voice, she cut me off when I spoke to clarify my order, had an attitude the entire time. Over it, this place is trash.
It   s not your typical McDonalds. They do bring your food to the table but the order was wrong. I did the order on the new touch screen self-service kiosk.  There was no ketchup, rude employees and homeless people panhandl
Long wait but after order it was fast.
The system went down and we waited for almost an hour for our food. I waited in line with about 20 other people. Tensions got tight and the employees starting fighting. Some employee with pink hair was making a huge scene yelling profanity around a bunch of kids and caused even more problems. The employee Frankie was stellar. The guy was clocked out already but decided to stay and help and basically ran the whole kitchen without a manager (she wasn   t there until the 
"Staff unprofessional, yelling and screaming among themselves and yelling and screaming to US CUSTOMERS.
Also, and more important they take forever to prepare the food, a simple order can take a good 25-30 min

FAST FOOD??"
Great service
Very bad service. Staff discriminate homeless even if they are paying for the food. It   s time to realize that people should 
0 stars! Worst trip to McDonald   s I   ve ever had. I have been sitting in the drive through for 42 minutes and counting. I would leave but I ½ï¿½ï¿½ï
Very slow, she was upset I wanted to add stuff to my order at the window which I could have avoided if she had responded while I was ordering at the speakerphone. In her words " it's against the law to order at the window" after I questioned it some more she said no it's policy.
It is what it is. You know what you   re getting with the burgers etc... but why do they have 
The food and service is great, the staff is well-trained and they never argue with the guess. They work out at an alarming fast pace. Good brand to work.
I would never come back here I sat and drive through line for 15 minutes it did not move one car we are 10 car Lanes back ended up driving away.
Didn ½ï¿½ï
I   m giving this place  A star because the website doesn   t allow me to not give a star. This is seriously the worst McDonald   s I have ever been to. I waited in the drive-thru for about 20 minutes (I could   ve probably gone inside, ate, and still wouldn ½
Two drive thru lanes for faster ordering, plus open late. Great chocolate shakes! Thanks again! 12:29 am Saturday, May 12, 2018
Was charged for food, was not given the food, and subsequently was locked out and prevented from getting my food from the little Hispanic night shift manager. Essentially stole my money
I enjoy eating here very much. It's probably my favorite McDonald's because of thier excellent customer service. The staff is efficient, the dinning area is clean, management has thier game face on, and the food is just right.
#RudeService. QUOTE one manager towards a customer asking about thier " No Fries" hand written letter stuck on the register. - MG Replys to the customer "Don't you See the Sign it's clear." In which the customer just left and did not order anything. Bad customer services All the way out the door not a clean restaurant. Let Down #MCDONALDS #corp owners. (NEGATIVE VIBES BE WARNED) need #newmanagement in place #please
McDonald's is cool with me big breakfast is always really good McChicken sandwich and maybe a quarter pounder or two other than that yeah it's McDonald's
Worst service ever, I waited for more than 30mnts n line to order and still have not order, it ½ï
"The night shift crew and their unknown secret supervisor, a white Hispanic lady will refuse completing ubereats orders at times. They will lie to the customer that the Ubereats delivery person has cancel the order and they will lie on the other end to the ubereats delivery person that the customer has cancel the order.
They will also refuse to answer the phone calls from ubereats support.
Finally, they will give the ubereats driver a bad rating of unprofessionalism for not canceling the order."
This store has no respect. They don't say Welcome to Mcdonalds. Also the don't have any toilet paper in the bathroom. Also no supervisor is never there to talk to. This store # 7166 don't go there
Not open the hours they say. Came here at 5:am and told me they were closed. I drive 15 minutes after work to get here!!!
super dirty all around. attitude of the people in there is gross, they almost trow the food at you. go to another McDonald's and save yourself the bad experience.
Not sure if drive thru is not available or what but 4:53 pm July 28 2019 8 car pile up thru drive through with ZERO interaction from those inside. Please close the drive through if you do not intend to attend to it.
The Nastiest McDonald's I have ever been in!! We were one of the 1st people in the store and it looked like it had never been cleaned!! No toilet paper in the whole store amd had to ask 3 employees before anyone would even answer us.
WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER.  Never been to a place and gotten treated so bad.  Spent 20 minutes standing waiting to get my order taken . The mananger was super nice, but still dosnt make up for it.
This McDonald's is open 24 hours but past 2am employees disappear they don't answer the intercom and hide in the back sometimes when there's like 20 plus cars customers get so tired of waiting they actually drive across to the Taco Bell. Whatever employees work the overnight here are basically Bank in the money and go to sleep somewhere in the property.
I ate he a r at least 5 times since I was in Miami and I never eat from this chain as I got older and more wiser.
I don't recommend this place super poor customer service I can tell that employees don't have any training we ask for few items and pretty much they give whenever they want I hope the owner Reads this and do something I won't blame the employees I blame the owner for not having their employees ready
McDonald's is McDonald's. This place is good for the Children & the young peoples not for a old guy like me. I just went there to buy a black coffee.
Well managed and the food is good. Take it from an ex McDonald's employee
Always check your bag before leaving, moderate defect rate
The crew member was not cooperative. I had to get the manager Lorenza to take my food order. She would give me my regular order of Artisan Grilled chicken with guacamole & pico de gallo with fries and a strawberry banana smoothie for $5.99. Instead she charged me $8.45. Wao!!!    Then the crew member that knew my order was for dine in,  he put it to go and I reminded him I was dining in. Then I've asked him for mayo, ketchup and bbq tangy. And he told me there is a ketchup dispensing machine. Told him don't ever try to change a customer's request. Evethough he was not happy he gave me my request. Then he turned around towards the kitchen and he started to l
I ordered a Big Mac and both meat patties were razor thin it was like eating bread with lettuce the lettuce was thicker than the freaking meat patties
The people who work here are absolutely ridiculous. Bunch of kids who obviously hate their jobs and no leadership. Employees are fighting with each other in here and the entire place is full of unhappy, hungry customers. Add the ubereats and doordash people and everything else and complete madhouse
I origin gave a bad review because they were a bit slow but I had to give them five stars for not allowing themselves to be punked by the Miami police officers who think there entitled to a police discount.  Ahahahahahah
I'll spare the typical McDonald's speech about how it's bad for you blablabla . . . Since I moved to Edgewater, it's been the most reliable source for an "actual" late nite craving. Past midnight, it'll fulfill your sugary/salty cravings whatever the time is. Absolutely love it. 100% reliable.
Medium coffee is almost 2 dollars and it ½
The worst McDonald in Miami if your are starving don 
On our way out the manager & one of the employees were smoking pot. Will never go to this location again! Horrible  ½ï¿½ï¿½ï
This was an hour wait on the drive thru    employees were smoking and
I was waiting more than 10 minutes for a small frappe. They only put a little bit of caramel. It wasn   t no M. Bad service in this mackdona
11:15 at night and sitting in mine for 30 minutes and the line hasn ½
Store says open 24 hour, but employees, blasting music says that they're not open?? Beware, lazy employees. Boycotting this location.
Food was delicious....I always get the big mack and fries and ask for it to be HOT  ½
I   m sad to put this review but this McDonald   s is very very slow. Drive thru or at the res
Waited TWENTY MINUTES in a drive thru with only 2 cars in front of me, only to be asked to park because the 6 pieces of nuggets (that was my whole order) were not ready. I asked for a refund. I also peeked in and there were a lot of employees and orders behind mine were ready. Never again.
Newly remodeled, so a beautiful building. Convenient ins and outs. They got my order right, no complaints.  
Horrible customer service, if I could do 0 stars I would. No receipt and the food cold
I come here everyday and order the something for the last 6 months. I waited for my food for 30 minutes the damn girl gave my food to somebody else 3 times if they get off there phone and stop coming to work with attitudes maybe they will get it right
Food was good, customer service needs an improvement
Worst McDonald's experience ive ever had worst staff unprofessional and nasty the place was a pig stuy and everyone was lost and i got told off by one of the young ladies. I will never ever go there again and i urge all to avoid this McDonald's due to the filthiness of the restaurant. Something needs to be done ill be looking forward to a response from upper management.
WISH I CAN RATE THIS 0. I JUST PAID $40 ON UBER EATS WITH ONE REQUEST TO MAKE IT ONLY KETCHUP BC IM HIGHLY ALLERGIC TO MUSTARD, AND EVERYTHING I ORDERED HAD MUSTARD. ITS 2:30 AM AND NOW I CANNOT EAT BECAUSE THEY FAILED TO SIMPLY FOLLOW ONNNEEEE  FREAKIN DIRECTION.
Out of cups,  wouldnt give a side of sauce through the drive thru stopped listening half way through my order
They were rude as hell and very disrespectful the manger close the door in my face and they messed up our order and told me they were close and have to go thru the drive thru again to get my order they messed up
Staff is so rude
Always 'system down' that's why I rather go to Chick Fil A at least they have good customer service & system and ice cream always works! McDonlads workers DO NOT LIKE TO WORK.. best bet is Taco Bell right across the street
We have been trapped in line for almost 30 minutes now and are still waiting on our food! Beware!
Really Good service. I ordered a breakfast burrito and Mocha Ice coffee
Worst McDonald   s drive thru. Card machine didn   t work so I had t
They say it   s open 24 hours but I get here and they say they are closed I have been seating here waiting for over an ha our and nothing. A la
How does google say your open 24hrs but when I drive there it ½ï¿½ï
Very Rude staff :-( had me wait in line for 30 minutes will never go to this mcdonalds again...
Ordered 2  kiddy meals and juices were left out and they forgot the apples. Horrible service. Never again here.
Every time I come here I either get extremely rude customer service or ridiculous waits. Avoid at all costs. Instead just go to the Wendy   s a couple blocks down. Right no
"Quick service inside. But drinks are behind the counter!!

PARKING NOTE: Make sure you park before you get to the drive thru, there is no way back in from that point on!!!!!"
Hi     my name is FRANKIE I   m a new employee at McDonald ½ï¿½
Manager Maria truly rude!! Very bad service overall, ignored customers requests, asked her for a refill of sprite and ignored it twice, even customers behind were amazed by her attitude.
This is a restaurant inside of Walmart. It's pretty clean but the workers look tired and angry. The food was fresh but it was like eating inside of a theater playing a sad movie.
Horrible, terrible lunch hour service. A young African American girl took my order, did not acknowledge me nor made any eye contact with me, rolled her eyes when I asked a question. Why did McDonalds hire her?!
Such slow service in the drive thru every single time I am here. I made my order 10mins a go and I still haven ½ï¿½ï
That service is suck they always give me a bad attitude espcialty on the drive trhu they need to change the service or they wana lose alot of costumers i have some friends and they have the same opinion, please do something about it
It's called fast food for a reason and there is nothing fast about McDonald's in key west. The staff is rude and there hasn't been one time they have gotten my order correct.
The time you have to wait for your food is dismal. A lot of employees but absolutely ineffective to serve the customers. Won't go back again.
I asked for fries with no salt and the fries were full of salt. The soda was watered down but I  did get everything in a timely manner.
McDonald's is what McDonald's is fast food at a fair price usually the place is very clean inside two people try to get the food to you as soon as possible so you can be on your way it's an All-American establishment when the need of fast food and a hurry it's my go-to place
Horrible. Disaster
Literally been waiting in line for 20 minutes waiting to at least GET OUT OF THE LINE. I did not sign up for this mess. SCREW this McDonald   s. What trash. Edit - I ½ï¿½ï
Never been to a mcds worse than this one.
Bad place. Went 2 days ago at night and food was cold. Manager was arguing with me so i just decided not to come to mcdonalds anymore. If the manager continues there i just will go eat to other restaurant.bad. doesnt deserves 1 star.
It opens when it won't openY'all say 24/7 but y'all not open 24/7
Like the other reviews. Just rude staff which is so bizarre for a McDonaldï¿½ï¿
The staff is very friendly with me I've never had an issue with them very nice people working at McDonald's is very hard I am an employee at McDonald's too so I know
Employees are just plain horrendous. They go out of their way to not serve you. Zero care. This is what McDonald's is now, folks. And I can promise you 100% there will be no response from corporate on this.
Good service. Hot food and friendly employees especially for the overnight at 3 in the morning. Thanks
3 stars because it was remodel . My biggest concern is the homeless people or the shaddy people . Remember it is in the city of miami - overpopulated already. Staffs can be a little bit more friendly.
Popular 24 hr McDonald's w/drive thru and indoor dining. I visit for breakfast because theirs is one of the freshest.
I drive up to the drive thru speaker at 4:22am to what I thought  was  a 24hour McDonald's just to be told that they were "Closed". Now I am not the smartest but doesn't 24 hours mean open all day and night. I am so pissed at the moment.
ýýý24 hoursýýý the woman said they were closed and the mcdonald is 24 hours.  This happened at 4am on Friday, October 22
To go order without napkins, no sauces (asked BBQ for the nuggets). Diet Coke was a mix of flavors.
Worse mcd I been too.
Never go there I asked for pic up Order, and the guy came to have the order without gloves..... I called them and they was very rude
Worst macdonalds in the area rude employees and very slow service dont come here.edit: no mask or gloves where being properly worn ether.
Very very very slow WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE. This place is a dump. They will loose clientele shorty. Slowest Mcdonalds ive attende EVERYTIME i go there
Friendly staff, clean and tasty food
Hit or miss. Just order ahead on the app, pick up inside and CHECK YOUR ORDER!! There's always something wrong
Poor service  I had a 20 nugget 2 medium fries a m caramel frappe and medium mocha frappe they charged me for a small mocha and salad dressing she charged me the difference but they almost gave me a small I had to ask why they charged me that also they neglect to let you know they dont have caramel or chocolate and when I asked they just told me there isn't any with attitude
Slowest service ever. Dirty store. 12 employees working with lack of customer service skills. Big roach walking around lobby area. This was at 11pm . So sad
The customer service was terrible, the lady work angry, she look me terrible, i say thank you but she didn   t answer nothing and loo
Fast place for eating
Totally disaster and the manager was playing instead than be helping wth the orders. The waiting time was like 30 min for "a rapid food restaurant"
I would give it zero stars, if I could, this is by far the worse establishment I have ever been to, I don't even know how some of these people have jobs, the wait time is ridiculously long and not to mention the attitude of the employees, I will not recommend going here, go far away to another McDonald's, if that's what you really want, but do not go here
Quick McDonalds. Just need to check quality of food. I received an old (darker than usual and hard) chicken in my sandwich.
Didn't understerstand or couldn't understand simple English.  Drinks moslty ice diluting flavor.  Ask for no ice and get a cup of ice separate.
This was my first time there and I had fast service.
The worst McDonalds in all Miami. THE WORST. Worst service. Do yourself a favor and drive farther away to a different location.
As far as McDonald's goes this particular one is pretty good! Service is friendly and the food is prepared with care and maintains the level of flavor McDonald's demands
Wanted a small combo and was told combos only come in medium and large. That if I wanted a small had to order everything separate. How stupid just to make an extra buck
Very slow employee take forever to get you order. Im not recommended to any body this place
Long wait in line, fries that were nearly room temperature, and 4 chicken tenders of which 3 were so tough they were like rubber bands. And the diet coke was found (after we drove out) to be cherry coke. One combo meal for a ridiculous $8+. This is one McDonalds we will avoid in the future. And maybe McDonald's chicken tenders at ANY location.
They are too lazy to serve you and they will say that they ½ï
Kind person  that cant manage to get an order right. 3 times I had to come back to get the order redone. Kind cashier, everything else about this place sucks.
Did the mobile order, arrived to pick up my order, they didn't see my order, I became combative and argumentative because when I ask to speak with an manager she did not attempt to come to the window; yes I was a bit more upset but as a supervisor you try to deescalate the situation and you failed to do that.
Lovely staff. I have done 2 Customer Satisfaction Surveys. High grades.
Nice staff, well organized in being professional and work in timely manner. Thank you
Be aware of cashier at drive thrue not providing costumer with card  receipt , charging in excess.
I enjoy coming to eat to this McDonalds. But the cashiers are very slow. And many of them have bad attitudes
Hot and cold.  Have had a series of good and bad experiences - cold food, wrong orders, but when they get it right it's great.
Today was not a bad experience friendly fresh food fairly clean Lobby I actually enjoyed myself here at McDonald's this morning
No surprises for my $4 dinner a $2 bacon double cheeseburger a $1 McChicken and a $1 iced tea. The location isn't too bad for being downtown Miami
The best food ever. I been enjoying the hospitality of eating at McDonald's for years and always a pleasure going there for a quick meal.
This location takes cash only. No cards accepted.
If you want to stand in front of the register for half an hour and be ignored and end up not ordering, this is the place for you.
Orders come correct and fresh Everytime never have a problem food also tasted great
Very clean store and they let you use the restroom. Somtimes you need to go.
The manager the works , black her, in the morning thinks that treating bad people is good! Her service is totally rude!!! And as a manager sucks!
Super slow. Many items not available, disgusting customer service. Staff did not care at all.
Very helpful and patient cashier and supervisor. Walk-in was very quick. Drive-thru was quite slow however.
Take to long and they don't get your order right  employees to slow and on there phone joking and laughing
What's up with this Lady taking 2 Hours every morning to clean just the men's restroom,this is every morning,and don't even ask her to let you in just to wash hands...she'll send you to ypur house or women's restroom.
Long waits, even on drive-through! Not the friendliest staff either..Wasup McDonalds...step it up on your customer service...your fries can only keep me coming back for so long
Quite possibly the worst McDonald   s on this plan
They said is 24 hours but do not come to this place at 3:30 am they said is close ! Is not right I drive 15 min to come here and they said is close ! Worse ever !
Made us 30 breakfast sandwiches & 30 hashbrowns in a matter of minutes...thank you for getting our staff fed quickly.
Honestly can't give a zero stars but I would if I could. This place was nasty. Dont know how they havent been shut down by health department.
It was ok....at least the food was hot and fresh.  I visit other locations and this was by far the best.
Pretty good McDonald's if I'm being honest. Food was fast and good. Staff was really nice.
Place didn   t open 
Would've eaten there if there wasn't a homeless man sitting their loitering and making the dining area smell like piss.
Order online or use the kiosk do not wait in line
They never get your order right and if you go between 5 and 6 am through the drive-through they going to always tell you system down customers please check your order before you leave there please
Its amazing! I love it its an OK staff but I still give it 5 stars. I totally recommend the place
Mornings after 6 system down, therefore no food to be served. Or they sorry we're closed. When you have 24hr service and nothing is ready.
They only allowed me 1 refill ony drink. ï¿½ï
Worst Mc Donalds ever visited!!! The worst service and quality!
The lady working there was VERY rude and loud. She yelled at the delivery guys who came to pick up their orders. Very disrespectful!
Service is good, and can always ask for Fresh fries  
Pretty college girls everywhere... it's a regular girls-gone-wild fest? Maybe not too wild, but plenty of young and pretty ones.
Is not possible,always long wait for the drive thru,always 1 hour to get your food,please fix the problems.
Slow employees, not being really kind, to many uber eats before you, not too much attention on the place being clean.
This is my second time, I like there attitude. The place stays clean, and my 7 yr. old liked it too.
"Food is disgusting like any McDonald's
Staff...not so much different from food
If u wanna be fat, suffer a heart attack...those kind of things...come to this place... it's the right one."
I don't like this food but I love ace cream  
Uts usually always busy and many times they get your order wrong but the coffee us great v
Food is well prepared and tastes better than other McD's. Nice staff too!
You can never go wrong with McDonalds. Love their chicken nuggets
Is not a 24hr place, just stop at 5am by the drive through the lady said they closed
Long waiting time at nights I waited for an hour for drive thru
Terrible,the works was rude..I had to ask for napkins,ketchup,and BBq sauce for my nuggets  and they gave me buffalo sauce instead.The ice tea tasted old and smelled sour.
I today sat in line For 40minutes for a order. They need more staff if that case
Ordered 3 sandwiches and received only bread, no meat no cheese. Only noticed when I got home. Congrats  
Ran out of apple pies however in place they let me have any treat I wanted off the menu sweet deal.
Good food, but terrible service. If you ½
Garbage service. In the drive thru line for 30 minutes. No exaggeration. Place should be shut down.
The service was fast and they were kind I will give them 5 stars
Horrible service 30 minutes for chicken nuggets... that should never happen management is definitely a must
Food was ok for Mickey D's... But the basket was horrible.. Didn't care... Didn't even wanna be there.. Didn't want my business..
It was good kinda fast but they gave me a hard, burnt sausage mcmuffin so  ½ï¿½ï¿½ï
They don't honor their own advertises specials 1.49 ice coffee any size
Fast and friendly crew. Hot food and clean lobby and bathrooms! I ½ï
The whole experience was HORRIBLE. The fries were soggy the cheese was stale on my burger and they didn ½
The web says open 24 hours and they closed when we were in the line No customer service
"Closed bathroom because of covid or cause you don't want to clean ?
Basic service for customers."
Good for this kind of food. Love their fries. Can't be eating this every day though.
I had 2 laptops and phone stolen from the car park in this restaurant. There are no safety cameras and this is a locally known by police trouble spot along with Dennys
Waiting 45 min in the drive thru.... never again.. horrible
I love McDonald they are everywhere ans their coffee is super good
I enjoyed my early morning visit to Mcdonalds. Started off my morning woth no complaints over my order.
This is a VERY clean McDonalds
This is the worst McDonald   s I hav
I Made the order by the Kiosko, and i take 30 min to pick it up, no enouhg cookiers and servers...
It was all right said quick service.In and out.
Miss this Mc when I used to work around there the hispanic lady who helps in drive thru is amazingly nice and super great worker.
best managed store in MIA.  the others could learn alot from these guys.  But it's location at 36th and Biscayne makes access in and out a challenge.
Terrible service!!! My fries were cold and soggy, chicken nuggets were burnt and old and even my soda was flat 
Very dirty place. Restrooms without toilet paper. Cooked burger in wrong way against directions placed in the order. Not recommend.
Saw the manager come out the back picking his nose, straight up digging for gold in that thing, then start serving people with no gloves #CmonSon
Don't forget the condominiums,  because they won't offer it. No ketchup,  no napkins  being so rude. Won't come back here again.
Cold food, gave different order to us, forgot to put almost the half of what we ordered.
Poor attention from the team, casher and manager, discrimination against homeless person that wanted to buy food. Not a recommended place to visit.
Tax service great place dairy Queen easy access to drive through and walk up dinning
Horrible the employee that work in that place they don't  care. I WAITED 1HR for a drinks in drive thru.
Horrible service. Closed before time posted. Dirty
Thanks for getting DJ Khalid his happy meals!!!
"The employees are not in the cashier window for more than 30 min and all the cars are waiting .... I
Am waiting"
Rude employees and managers and a lot employees or managers DONT speak English. This is AMERICA!!!!! I should not have to go to a place in America and deal with non English speaking people. RIDICULOUS
Sat in drive thru lane for 45min at 3:40 AM. Ridiculous wait time. Ended up going to Checkers.
I drive 30 minutes to go to this mc Donald ½ï
Food fresh all the time. fries hot. Customer service needs to improve a little.
Thru the years, I have seen how the people working in this particular mcDonald's changed for the worse.
Fast and quick but don't forget to ask for napkins and ketchup. They don't automatically put them in the bags.
Terrible went for breacfsdt drive thru and  they give me my order incomplete, sadly I found out already at home with mi wife and 2 children what a disappointment.
Dollar men and other cheap food. Could be your best place if you ar
Rude cashiers, waited for lmost 40mns in drive thru why do they make 2 lanes waste of time
Very rude at drive thru. Management needs to work on who they have at the speaker and window.
Fast service, good staff. 2 McChickens and a large fry were really good 
Good caramel frappe i order sweet and they gave me what a want it
If you go to this store after 10 pm be prepared to wait for your food more than 30 minutes, terrible service, I waited for a meal 35 minutes!
Comes handy late at night, pretty fast service and there is always coffee available.
Food was good, but the mens restroom was being cleaned for a long time and multiple men walked away or used the women's restroom.
Takes way too long come to answer at drive thru, drove around and staff were on their phone.
Customer service needs to improve. Especially The drive-through area..
This McDonalds is amazing sometimes it messes up the ingredients but in a overall it is perfect
This place is really nice. I loved the decoration.
Fast service. Always get my order correctly.
Unorganized and slow but atleast they got the order right
This is the worse service I ever seen in my life, they have all those emigrants working, slower than snails.
DO NOT GO!!!!!### the WORST customer service!!!! Manager does not do anything to solve a problem when drug addicts fight with customers!!!!!!! It's literally a McDonald's for the homeless.
Such bad, rude , and unprofessional service. Worst McDonalds I've ever been to
Too much wait at midnight. Burger had unsatisfing taste and coke had no soda
Girl at drive through with ear buds and very rude .. .stay home and give a job who needs it
Excellent service and clean restaurant as well clean eating areas.
You can check your box when you pass  for drive thru. Half of your order you will find
"Horrible customer service
Long wait time"
Always my stop for a quick burger and it ½
Fresh Food and AWESOME TABLE SERVICE!!! 5 STARS ï¿½ï
Stopped by from Canada trip with my family, ordered Big Macs and quarter pounder. Both burgers were super fresh. Will definitely  stop by, the lady on the counter even brought us the food since we didn   t h
Being that it's the first Mickey D's after you cross into the US from Qu ½bec, Canada, this place gets seriously packed at times with the Canadian tourists. I saw 2 buses stopping in to feed their passengers during my short visit here, on top of the regular customers and/or those that are traveling by cars. Just like those working at Mickey D's over the border in the Canadian side (mainly showing French), these workers only spoke English and weren't too thrilled about French-only customers. I used the app to place my order, which was more convenient and the workers seemed to appreciate that more, since they don't have to deal with extra people face-to-face. My order came out in timely manner (even with tons of tourists flooding in) and the food was good. Staff was friendly as they get. Huge parki
Stopped in for a quick visit at this newly built location. Nice bright dining room with fresh flowers on the tables. The usual self ordering screens or a helpful staff behind the counter waiting to take your order. If you are in need of ï¿½
Food was slow. Manager (short hair woman) was having a mental breakdown or something and was being rude. She needs to be fired. Her name was Elizabeth or something. Very unprofessional.
Great stop after coming over the border! Truck parking and green grass for the dogs!! Always clean inside and order is always correct!
I came there to pick up order around 5 in the morning, there was a manager(brown hair) who dealt with me very rudely, i politely requested for my uber pick up but he showed me attitude and just shut the window. That was an awful experience ï¿½
Nice place to stop when crossing over to the US. The service is pretty fast thnaks to the help of automated service screens. The restaurant is clean. You can also access two drive-through lanes. There is a huge parking, so there is always place to park. The restaurant offers free wi-fi, which is very convenient.
Fresh and good! Plus very clean and modern. Probably the nicest McDonald's I've been to in a while.
Usually really good but this time I was missing the deluxe on my chicken deluxe burger I ordered. 
Honestly best customer service from Naisha thank you 
"There's nothing like eating a spicy Mc chicken at the legendary pier.
The prices are good (as always). I highly recommend the dollar menu, in this case, 2 Mc chickens for only $4. The taste is very good! For the price of course. And the spicy one tastes even better. Service was very fast, but it can get very packed in the afternoon. Plenty of seats and restrooms are available as well (it gets packed, too). Pickup available. The everyday McDonald's, but placed in a crowded and convenient spot. We highly recommend spicy Mc chicken with extra buffalo sauce!"
I don't eat at McDonald's, but I do UberEats deliveries. I love this McDonald's because it has a parking structure in an area that typically doesn't have one. This makes it very convenient for me and people who choose to eat there.
4 consecutive weeks, Every Monday the dining room is not swept or mopped. They don't open at 530am. For the last month on Mondays they won't have orange juice. They say the machine doesn't work and they can't serve it. The cashier tells me Some other worker will squeeze the orange because it's freshly squeezed. I would understand one mistake, but it's occurring every Monday.
My daughter, her friends and i was at this particular McDonalds while visiting the boardwalk (out of town visitors). There was roaches all over the place and they were big. The place was not clean. Homeless people surrounded the place.  I will never go back and i have already told a lot of people that were headed that way.
What a unique McDonald's, love the structure. But, the only reason that why it's a low rating for me is because they sometimes get people order wrong. That's the only reason I have. Also this place is sometimes very crowded and busy.
Really unsafe place to go( group of young guys just beat old man for nothing and security didn   t do anything , main manager working with  ½ï¿½ï
It is just minutes away from the pier, many homeless people inside and you should take good care of your belongings. It is clean but employees barely smile and cold due to holiday working hours I guess :)) Had the double burger cheese and oats meal which I do not complain. It is thanks giving holiday.
Waited in line for half an hour, and it seemed like forever at the pick-up window.  I asked if they were short staffed, and she said they were waiting on the fries. But when I got them they were cold. She offered no explanation until I got tired of waiting
this McDonald's is more expensive than others in the area, and be warned that individuals in their garage are very sensitive to the fact if you have your phone out and become vocallyworried that you are taking pictures or video of them.
The Santa Monica location is on par with most McDonald's out there. The food was satisfactory and the speed of service was reasonable. My only problems with the experience were the restaurant was incredibly busy and the smell of pot was pretty strong from someone smoking it out on the patio. They had the munchies I guess.
"Frequently at this location, someone is spewing toxic gases into the air, violating local laws (& humane rights; despite a security guard on site).
Cashiers are expected to be able to actually perform elementary subtraction, such as 12-7=5; (because the US doesn't mint 3 dollar bills) and I already have enough singles to stuff Magic Mike's g-string.
If this location has take out hours & dining room hours, that should be posted; on entry ways & online. Otherwise, we patrons expect to sit down, not be told the seating area is closed 30 minutes prior to closing and 20+ minutes after opening. MGMT should schedule site & employee hours accordingly."
It   s McDonald   s 
Look the staff here is great despite the unwanted obvious nuisance. Food is prepped fast and staff are professional. Restroom are actually kept clean again despite certain unfortunate citizens. I always take out from here and go to the beach. Or park my car at the very top of the lot and eat there.
It's McDonald's...by the pier.  McDonald's. In the wee hours (only time I go) it can be colorful with the occasional altercation/conflict, but they have security.  Never had a issue there.  Order my food from the kiosk, wait, p/u, eat while I walk home and later wish that I didn't order 3 to 4 sandwiches.
Always clean place.. nice flow.. every time I 
Good place. Can get crowded sometimes but the service is quick. I had a huge order and was served in under 10 minutes. I love McDonald's quality so much. This particular location is also right down the street from Santa Monica Pier. A great place to eat before going to the beach!
Everytime I go into the Santa Monica McDonald's, it able to handle the busy times. In my opinion consider the customer traffic, however they waist no time getting orders, if you do not have a cloud following, then you should get what you want. Bathrooms have intermittent traffic depending on the busy time. I see they want you to enjoy your meal, in my opinion. In the pictures you will available seating at a perfect time. I was satisfied!
It's a McD's, fast food cause you don't have a lot of time when you're going somewhere. Convenient place to grad a quick breakfast in the morning with all other shops still closed
I ordered tea with lemon. But they didn't put any lemon in it. When I asked where is my lemon the answer was "we didn't have any lemon" why u asking if I want it when you didn't have it.
"It has been a mighty long time since I need ed to concern myself with dining in at McDonald's.
Since Covid19, the option to dine in was removed. Remarkable."
Your service was excellent the employee Erica needs a raise because when I got there the lines were long and she cleared them out real fast thank you Erica
Rude staff asked the manager about the birthday grimace promotion and she said "I don't know" and walked away.
Did not help me with a refund and took awhile to convince worker to take a look at kiosk to fix it.
Nice place, even with the homeless around it   s clean and comfortable place. The food preparation process is fast and the staff are nice. I had tried the first tim
Honestly the worst McDonald's, you'd expect more from one by the beach and turns out to be the worst experience.
I'm really disappointed in McDonald's in Santa monica went got food to take to husband and the drink carrier broke they wouldn't give me a replacement for my loss had to reorder and replace myself they were ice coffee and a mocha frappe
It's not clean and there are no offers but still ok. Bathroom is usually clean
Lots of homeless people inside
"No drive thru, enough parking. Crowded but fairly quick. They had the front doors open and I could feel the air moving, not stuffy. Mask optional at the time (July/28/22). All employees were wearing masks. All employees were pleasant or acceptably neutral and doing a good job. Bathrooms and tables clean.  Floors looked pretty good too considering the large amount of foot traffic. Indoor and outdoor tables. Whenever someone got up, a worker appeared shortly after to spray and wipe down the table. In person you can order at  cashiers or use one of the 8 self-service screens. I believe you could also order through the app. There's a scanner at the bottom of the payment pinpad.
Didn't have to wait very long for my food. Less than 5 minutes."
Located on State Street in Hurricane Utah! It   s connected to 711 Gas Station so this makes traveling easy for food and gas stop! Has
"Staff is so kind.
Homeless people sometime come in this store.
Then polis comes.lol"
Hungry? Won't spend much money? Go to Mc. Donals! Come hungry, leave happy!
"clean tidy mc donalds. helpful staff. lots of seats both indoors and outdoors. love they didnt have the stupid oversized ipad ordering system which they have in the UK.
its a short walk from or to the beach near santa monica pier. and a short walk from the train station blueline and not far from the local shops.
please like this review if you find it helpful
thank you"
Great place to eat awesome staff friendly and helpful enjoy your meal as you'll be loving it.
Horrible service walked in with wife an 3 kids ordered 3 pancake meals an 2 sandwich meals 5 people 5 meals they called our order got 1 pancake 2 sandwiches no full meals had to wait as they dissed us in Spanish (I speak it I know what you said) then get my other 2 pancakes but they absolutely refused to give me 2 hash browns will not stop again
To be honest, I usually frequent this local Santa Monica Micky D's for its coffee. I have to wake up pretty early, so a nice jolt of caffeine helps me start the day at 5am. With that being said, I will also say that because of Santa Monica's influx of homelessness over the years, this particular location gets alot of homeless patrons. Most are nice, and I buy some of the regulars a thing or two from time to time; however, it's the aggressive homeless patrons that make the place feel troublesome. The staff tries to placate situations, but you can tell they are getting frustrated more and more everyday. So, if you can't handle, talk, be patient, and react positively to people who are just trying to get through the day, the don't go here. I don't need you screaming and being annoyed at every little thing. Bye!!
Full of homeless people not like I'm unaware of our global situation with homelessness, but if you looking to sit down chill and eat don't do it at this one. It doesn't have a drive thru, so order ahead for pick up, it does have self service ordering kiosk.
Homeless hang out ! Every day customers are being attacked in the store why security guards stand around and watch !
very good service and nice staff but the down side its full of homeless.
This McDonalds is conveniently close to Santa Monica Pier (about 1 block away). I love buying food from here and eating it by the shoreline with friends :,). Do note, that workers can sometimes be very stingy or serious due to the large amount of people that come in daily (this McDonalds in particular gets very packed). So please be kind to them, they are trying their best to get your food served! <3
One of the Best McDonald's so far. Good service
Good location, very big place
It's on the pier. It's just in a place where activity happens. Otherwise good.
Doing their best for no man and the food is still the same level of addicting.  No drive-thru and right next to the beach.  It is usually teeming with people and it is usually a little busy.  Kiosks available.  On this trip, the payment option for me was unavailable on the kiosk.
SOOOO busy, all I ordered was a drink and who knows who actually got it!
This is hands down THE worst McDonald's ever! The staff are rude, racist, and intentionally slow. Don't waste your time. There was a fistfight in the dining area and the men's room was full of weed smoke.
Loved our family afternoon there
"Very bad service the employees are very roud the security guy not professional
I won't never come back to this ugly store"
Basically what you want from McDonalds without all the bums and beggars in the store during the day
It's a Nice McDonald's due to location you can grab a small amount of food and go to the pier, also people talk about beggers being near it but I didn't see any all I saw was a man overdosing on drugs
Waited 20 minutes for a mobile order that they have to serve to our table. Finally I went to the counter and asked about my order. They rudely said they don   t do table s
I'm only there for the Frauppes and the Cappuccinos...
They fired me for refusing service to a rude customer
"Not happy with that location!
Dining room has a big sign in window stating Dining room open. But yet it was not open. It was 12:00 in the afternoon!! Why wasn't it open?! It seems that they have their own rules!
Plus wasn't allowed to order at window either! I don't have a car, I was on my bike."
Horrible customer service and they messed up my order. The lady who took my order was rushing and had a rude attitude. She didn   t even listen to what I wanted. She kept staring at me and almost forced me to get something easier off the menu, as I had ordered somet
Friendly staff and fast service
The worker could not get my order on time and had an attitude
High traffic fast food restaurant that doesnt fail on being exactly just that. In the process ,  however ,  it also us one of the few places in the area that offers a no frills area to eat your food AL FRESCO. And in this day in age ,  thats priceless.
So busy. Staff are literal heroes.
So I come in for my daily coffee but need to use the restroom and of course you have to buy before you can use the restroom and wash hands  ½ï¿
"Order was screwed up, and the hash browns in both combo meals were barely cooked to just above raw.
Amazing their staff could screw up two breakfast meals in the same order in an automated process. SAD."
Nothing special. Just McDuck like just McDuck.
"To many young kids was there
the place was to busy for family & tourism"
"The only reason I am giving this location for stars instead of 5 is because overall, I don't eat McDonald's or fast food. However, the one day that I did go to Santa Monica, I just had a sudden craving for something fatty and sugary.

I went inside and dislocation surprisingly very clean. The staff there were also very hospitable, friendly, and alert. I ordered me some french fries and a sweet iced tea, and then I proceeded to the outdoor Courtyard to eat.

Out there was just as clean as it was on the inside. I haven't had McDonald's since 2012, so I was really surprised at how fresh the french fries and the sweet iced tea taste it.

Everything was okay okay with me."
"If we focus too much on ourselves and the troubles in our lives, it is very difficult to be happy. Lord, refresh my spirit, help me let go of longing to become something I am not and show me how to be the best of who I am.
Open your mind and empty your heart of fears so that you can know and experience God to the fullest. Lord, You are my peace, my assurance and the love that I hold on to.Reach higher than you think possible for all that you want and you find that often you attain even more. Lord, I rely on Your promises made to each of us and especially on Your love.
Be patient with others, but mostly be patient with yourself. Lord, help me to keep a smile on my face and to realize my goodness and refuse to dwell on my imperfections.Desiring more and more without appreciating what you have right now will never allow you to be truly happy. Be grateful for the gifts you are receiving right this very minute. That's happiness!God gives abundantly to those who pass His gifts on to others. Lord, let Your blessings flow in to me and then out from me. I will neither be selfish nor let my gifts stagnate.
Use Jesus' as your example on how to live. Lord, You will guide and advise us and then You will leave it to us to decide our own future. Give us wisdom in our choices.Dear Lord, thank you for being such a loving God and caring about our pain. You don't want to see us suffer. You know the suffering that we face, and I ask that you would please redeem it and bring it to an end. In the midst, Lord, I believe that you are sufficient. I ask that your strength will be made perfect in our weakness. In Jesus's name, amen"
Always has an abundance of homeless population hanging out inside and outside. (Remove that you get 5 stars) Felt dirty although they were constantly cleaning the restaurant. Food is your typical McDonald's no change there. They offer a bathroom but its a busy location. Overall I'd return with caution ï¿½ï¿½
Long lines rude staff you ask for sauce but never get it. They only have one register open. Homeless at front entrance smoking blunts and can smell it while you are ordering.
Had to go and wipe my 5 star review and turn it to a 2 star since last year this whole place has turned into yet another slow Hispanic ran restaurant. Used to have a diverse staff and be consistently speedy and hot, now it takes 10 mins with no one else in line to get some fries and nuggets    while everyone is standing around twiddling their thumbs, I   ve been here at least 60 times, and every time I   ve been here post COVID reopening it   s been this same situation with the change of the whole employee personnel now it ½
The worst and most expensive McDonalds I have ever seen. I had to request a manager to intervene before the cashier would let me order what I wanted instead of what she wanted me to buy. Definitely not a happy meal.
On Nov 22//21, I went to use the men   s restroom and it was so filthy and because this is a place where a lot people visit the attention to the restrooms should be made more often
Definitely everything has changed in this McDonald   s location. The food was alright what I didn   t like was the area location homeless getting crazy inside the restaurant. Looks like the one security whoï¿½ï
The new renovation it went through makes it look more modern! The ordering kiosks are perfect for the tourist that can't speak English or Spanish. It is very spacious! Please beware, not to their fault, the Homeless population can be a turn off to go their do to the fact that it's a hang out spot for them. I have no problem with that as long as they mind their own business and I do the same. One thing that I'm surprised about, No refills on my coffee? Really? That was one of the main reasons I went there for breakfast. Besides that, it's McDonald's we are taking about. Quick and easy meal compare to other higher price options around.
There have been issues with some of the patrons getting out of hand with the staff, but it seems that the issue has improved. My family generally order through food delivery apps from this location to avoid unruly patrons. They always get our order right, and the delivery is seamless.
The locations looks great and has 8 of machines that allow you to order and pay, but the service was horrible. I ordered a sundae for my mom and after 10 minutes of waiting, I saw one employee feel a tear in her pants below her butt and then she went and fixed herself a sundae and left. At this same moment another came up and asked about the sundaes for his family that he ordered 20 minutes prior. I was given a refund without fuss before leaving. The bad part to all of this was there were about 12 people working at the location during my visit which was more than enough to prepare and delivery the food quickly.
Vomit and urine from the homeless at the entry turned my stomach and couldn   t order food. My wife and I were so turned off we canceled or sightseeing plans in LA and left town. It ½ï¿½ï
It's a McDonald's that food is the same as every other McDonald's is decent didn't like the place because it was too crowded too messy and took forever just to get a soda or no people were nice workers were nice
There was a psycho there but the guard tazed her
"Very nice, very clean.
Saw a guy come in who ""looked"" homeless and 2 security guards immediately swarmed in and ushered him out. It was kind of impressive, yet I felt so sorry for the guy and thought security should have been more sensitive when doing the job because the man clearly wasn't all there.

Also, the men's rest room was very clean, however I'd prefer paper towels on hand in addition the the blowers. I had to touch the press down facet button and I had to touch the soup dispenser. I like to use paper towels to touch these things... especially the door when leaving..."
"This Black lady at cash register took my order fine, another black lady with dark blue shirt red brown hair served my food.
Minutes later I return one item was made wrong!
Same black lady asked her staff to fix it then she gave it to me without checking it and I find out that they did it wrong again! I took to her for the third time and then she asked her staff again to do it again!
Instead of making sure it   s done correct! She proceeded to go help another customer which took her about 4 to 5 minutes when she knew I come first but she didn   t care! I asked her again when she returned to her post where is my food and She got quickly defensive with me and refuse to get me a hot free fries since I had to wait too long for my order!
I throw away my cold fries and just proceeded to get the hell out of there!!
I am done arguing with these black or not black l management fault!! They just hire any one for the job and they don   t pay attention to what goes on in thei"
Wonderful beachside McDonald's on Santa Monica Beach... food is excellent and the restroom is open to the public until 11 p.m.
Fine it's always busy place
Good McD centrally located and quick service.
We usually go mainly for the soft serve covers and sundaes.  Nothing hits the spot on a hot day like a small sundae.  Prices are perfect and the kids really appreciate the treat.  Hot fudge on the bottom really makes it fun for them.
I usually give high reviews but not this time. The service is excellent. Fast and professional staff all the way. Truely representing McDonald's culture. Unfortunately there is an issue with homeless people that brings this location down. The restroom has a bad odor because of the homeless people washing up in there. The restroom door doesn't close as to see what's going on in there such as drug use I can only speculate. There are plenty of homeless people going in and out of the establishment to eat and use the restroom. So they carry a bad odor. It ruins the atmosphere. It's depressing. I witnessed a homeless man get hauled out by Santa Monica Police for lounging around, not purchasing any food, and being loud and unruly. I applaud the quick response of the security officer on duty who immediately asked the man to leave several times always maintaining his composure, even as the homeless man escalated. It's a tough job, but it's getting done. The priorities are kept here. Customer satisfaction and safety are key to the staff and it shows.
Convenient location and although there are some challenges the area faces (homeless and everything that goes with that), the restaurant does a good job keeping things clean, service helpful, and food good as always. We had an order with a lot of custom requests for kids (no this, extra that), and each burger was put together exactly as ordered.
Bathrooms are very dirty and lines are very poorly organized. I was able to skip ahead of at least ten people that were ahead of me because they don't communicate the registers that are open to the customers. The booths in the far side of the restaurant smell like cigarettes. Food was served quickly and with good quality however.
So overall they usually have one of the fastest services especially when it comes to McDonald's in regards to what I'm doing doordash. Only problem being at this location is a hub for intoxicated panhandling homeless people.
"The People Who Work There Were Very Rude&Short In Response.
There Parking Garage Is Hazardous!!"
Santa Monica pier is a few steps from here.
No different than any other McDonalds, except that it's in Santa Monica very close to the pier and beach. It's surprisingly well kept and clean and very fast. Lots of tourists and visitors and the location is updated with the order kiosk systems so can get moving pretty fast. Seating can be an issue on very crowded days. Over all good experience and not too bad.
"Really rude staff, too bad service. Avoid if you can. There are so many other better places to eat or drink around.
They would literally cheat you!"
Too many homeless people that kept walking in and out of this location, we couldn't eat comfortably because they smelled so bad as they passed by. I understand they can't help it due to their situation but if you have a hard time tolerating body odor of various homeless people walking back and forth in this McDonald's location then you should definitely avoid this location.
This is a very convenient location. Probably the most affordable food in this area near the pier. It's usually very busy with foot traffic for the beach and the promenade. You will encounter all types from international tourist to local bums. It's fairly clean considering the large amount of customers. The orders are quick but be sure to check it before leaving. Not the most accurate employees
This McDonald tourist city attraction restaurant is over rated by it's local customers.  During my visit to this restaurant, none of its employees had people skills or customer dissatisfaction resolution skills.  Its employees escalated its customers verbal complaints to verbal challenging arguments.  Without any complaint resolution.
Food was good, jt was crowded, there was gum in my chair, didnt notice til i got up and it was all over my shorts
This plave is not a good place. They used to have blacks there too. Now all hispanic and trey just remodeled. All of sudden after the remodel all the staff all like the same race. I though McDonald's was equal opportunity employer. Guess not. Today I went there to use the restroom. I was told I couldn't use the restroom unless I bought something. I explained that it was an emergency and I just have to take a number one and I will be on my way. I asked to speak to the manager, the manager told me the same thing you have to buy something. I told the manager I really had to use the restroom it was an emergency I'll be in and out that's all I need it and I was still denied. Every time I come to this place is always something. Things to give me cold food all the time I would ask for fresh food and they would make me wait 20 to 30 minutes I would just wait while standing there looking at her. I wasn't really strong with expressing myself oh, now I express myself a little bit more. I just thought that everybody should know is this place really isn't a nice place to be I wouldn't give them a dime of my money. When did they treat people and I've always treated people is not okay if I was a business owner in a McDonald's along to me I would fire the entire staff shut the McDonald's down and start new with the whole new staff of all Races and ethnicities different religions in different ways of being themselves instead of running it like Fort Knox and no one even speaks English. Not a respectable place and I think a lot of changes need to happen. The last thing that we all need is a petition being signed to shutdown a very nasty, disrespectful, unprofessional in very unreliable restaurant in one of the most popular places in California. Let's get back together McDonald's or else I'll go to the next level and bringing all these customers that also it's like this McDonald's. We even go one more step above and bring the in all your future customers who have never been there before just to mention on how they've had experiences at McDonald's that were so exceptionally great and then compare it to the way that you treat all the customers who've walked out of McDonald's and see if they'll never come back I don't think we want this to be a topic of discussion.
I ordered from here twice and I ordered a cheeseburger with bacon and onions and the first time they didn   t even put the bacon on it (The bacon that I spend my money on) and now they didn   t put the onion on it.
They always have a lot of staff in hand, specially on the week ends and at peak hours. You will always see a lot of tourist due to the perfect location near the shopping and the pier. This also means that there will be homeless there as well. I like to live and let live so I don't mind sharing space with my fellow man. With that said there is security at hand at all times. Even when this place looks crowded the service is fast and like most McDonald's with a smile. You get something to eat at a great price in a perfect location.
Very bad exp, I believe I goten bad food.
They accidentally gave my friends and I a whole order that we cancelled, and they also gave us the actual orders we bought. All in all they were pretty fast workers. They have to be because that place is always packed because of the Santa Monica Pier. I understand that it's not always going to be clean there because, frankly, there's not much room to clean there most of the time. If I could give 4.2 stars, I would.
One of the nicest mc donalds
We ate breakfast here every morning while staying at a hotel around the corner. The food was always made correct and fresh, however the large amount of homeless people hanging out make things a little more difficult.  (No condiments are self serve,  the security guard has to let you into the bathroom, sometimes hard to find a table)
I just had a large fry it was okay the kids had hamburger happy meals, the burgers were cold and "tasted funny", they ate the fries, and of course really liked the toy inside. 7 out of 10 today mediocre.
It is an OK place to go if you do not have a better option. The prices and the quality of the food are reasonable
Great food and staff but the crowd is a bit sketchy
if you're a tourist DON'T go to McDonald's especially this one, rude service, poor choice, worst fast food chain in US by far
It was crowded! Unfortunately they don't do refills here.
No dollar menu anything but drinks here! Even coffee is 2 bucks! The service is spotty and confusing at best! The place is small and serves the end of the busiest street that leads to the pier....ultra poor planning on space for quality of service/business. There are a lot kf vagrants at this location but they are for the most part harmless.
They got the best breakfast here.
They allow the homeless to beg in front of their door and people buy them food so they go inside and eat. The problem is their smell!!! We bring our tourists families and end up totally embarrassed.
Manager sucks. I called her over for help and she ignored me. Seating arrangements are disorganized. The soda fountain machine is always dirty. Hardly any ice. When you press for a certain soda, it runs water for a while. Too many homeless people. The only decent thing here is the food.
"Worst McDonald's in the world, that's a big statement but its the only one that fits.
I ordered breakfast on a Saturday. It wasn't too busy but when I got my food I was missing some sandwiches, my pancakes were super cold like if they had just defrosted them and put them in my bag and the hashbrowns were literally stuck to the wrapper and the bag they came in looked like it had been dunked in the deep frier.

Save your money, go eat somewhere else where the food is actually edible.
To clarify I'm not bagging on all McDonald's, I quite like the food BUT this location is terrible, my suggestion is to go elsewhere"
The service is fast but since the pandemic it seems that the mask is the most important thing.. security is polite and the Cusomer service associates are kinda formal but still polite...you can eat on the patio but not for long...
It's McDonald's, cheap sustenance to keep on going. We had a couple burgers and fries and I can't complain they were alright when the price is taken into account. It can be quite busy at times so keep this in mind when going at peak times. The restaurant itself was pretty clean, what you come to expect from a McDonald's.
Got my order wrong took forever to serve my sweet tea. Crispy chicken had a large piece of not so crispy chicken w/ the foulest tasting sauce I'll never order again  watered down sodas so much you'd think it was club soda. Never again
We asked for a cup of water after we were done eating our food inside. Lady said we needed to purchase until she seen my orange juice cup.. she then proceeded to give us a tiny cup. What exactly were we supposed to do with that? Meanwhile others got a decent sized cup for water. What do you lose to give out a cup of WATER?
"This McDonald   s is always very busy so I understand why their customer service isn   t the best.

Even so, I still don   t understand"
I expect crowding because it's close to the beach. The ice machine is always out, they don't have enough fresh brewed tea to refill the container, and some of the employees have attitude. The security guard tends to trip, but it's not always the same guard. Service is pretty fast considering the volume of customers. I only go there because of proximity.
The service the is great! They do a awesome job with the food, and it has security there so you don't have to worry to lose your chicken nuggets,  and hamburger,  also your money!
No Refills!     It took about 10 minutes for me and everyone else in line to get their order done. They could only give you 3 ranch for 20 Chicken Nuggets, not even 4. Fo
Worse Mac Donald   s on the planet and the most discussing rudest staff - Iï¿½ï¿
Great place to eat by the beach without the ridiculous prices . Beware that many homeless people ask you for change but never wanna change the sense of direction his life is unnerving to give people money as they bother while consuming meat patties between buns of bread with seeds. Moral of this review is to never help homeless while eating
Gets very very busy , but they are normally fairly rapid about getting everyone through. By far the cheapest food place in that area, so ideal if you're just visiting. It's still McDonalds though so don't expect anything different from every other franchise.
We only eat halal food. The fillet o fish is a good choice for us but the price is high. Though it ½ï
"This was an ok McDonald   s, but I liked going to this place because it was so busy during the summer, so you are more likely to get hot and fresh food. Now that it   s December 2020, they are slacking, I guess they are having more problems with the homeless or druggies or drug dealers outside of their business, but twice in the last two weeks I got cold and half-cooked fries after 9pm.

Maybe because I   m a gang stalking victim, this is happening.  REPORT ANY AND ALL COMPLAINTS TO CORPORATE.

On December, 13th 2020, I got the free double cheeseburger, it was a cold burger a"
Only place that is open late night in Santa Monica after 11 pm. Service great and you know the product. Very safe and family friendly. Great location
I went on a Sunday and it was SUPER packed but the lines moved suprisingly fast. FOOD-WISE one of the BEST Mcdonalds Ive ever been to, CLEANLINESS one of the WORST. Parking lot entrance smelled like Pee, and the Patio tables were disgusting to the point I had to clean it myself and I STILL didnt want to touch it. And the patio chairs were so Uncomfortable aswell
This place is a major tourist hub as it is located within a few blocks from the Santa Monica Pier. Inside is nice. They will also bring food to you that you won't see in any other store or this may be new to me since I have been to Mcdonald's only a few times in my entire life.
Loads of homeless people around
It's a McDonald's it didn't disappoint. I got another one supersize. And that's what I wanted. Fade Out on the floor back back back to get a bag over there balcony. Exactly what I wanted no surprises.
12 midnight this place is packed and they bring it to your table!
"Hot and fresh! I always get the Quarter Pounder with cheese,  mac sauce,  pickles and shredded lettuce only!! It's the best!! You gotta try it.
Kia D
WeTalkRadio.com"
Go anywhere else. Not here. Beyond the counter, this place is never clean.  Glorified truck stop.  Too many other options, next door and, nearby that are more deserving of your business. Especially, since the "dining room" is no longer open 24 hours.  No drive through. Sad. Literally, steps from the pier. The collective grime of all of Santa Monica resides on this location surrounding sidewalks. The homeless aren't the issue.  It is the mentally disturbed , the hustlers  and questionable addicts. This is not a family friendly location.  Wisely most families recognize this and steer clear.  These truths sometimes slip pass the trained smiles of the cashiers and you see the weariness and defeat.  No other business has these issues!  Not one.  Food?  No problems.
First thing that caught my eye was its employees, within the times I've stopped by this branch of the Goldin Ark. Reason being is do to it's great customer service. I understand most McDonald's now have self service available to its customers but the times that I've gone to the beach in Santa Monica it's always been alot easier to be attended by their kind employees.
The food was good. The person working the counter did not seem to understand anything I said. There are homeless people all around, don't go there alone.
Right in front of the WORLD FAMOUS Santa Monica Beach Pier!
I got a raw meat burger. It was cooked outside of it. But inside under the part was cooked was very raw meat. That was unfit to eat. And made me sick. I don't prefer NO body to go eat their at all they will. Kill you with uncooked meat in your burgers.
No drive thru; there is a parking lot area; very busy and chaotic; service was reasonable.
They were friendly but they never gave me a tray because they never asked "for here or to go". The service was fast, I had my food ready before I could fill up my drink.
First of all,  you will have a Santa Monica price here.  That means it's more expensive than other places for the same item in the menu. Secondly,  the restaurant was full of homeless people which disturbed people's meal quite often with their shouting and cussing. Thirdly,  the restroom is freaking filthy.
One of the oldest piers in the country and one of the Top places to visit while in #LALALand
Had been driving for several hours and needed to use the restroom before ordering. But employee was refusing to open the locked bathroom before I ordered. Extremely rude. At least it was clean and food was ok.
It was nice compared to how it was before, quick if you use the machines to order your food. You can pay credit or cash at the counter or the machine.. order was quick food was dope no issue.
As always just ok
If I could do 0 stars I would. There is no place to lock a bike so I had to take it in with me. The    security guard    tried to get me to leave because I have a bike. I   m not leaving a $3,000 bike at the door with all these homeless people around who will steal anything. Then they refused to take my order because I wouldn   t lea
Decently quick service but it's just mcdonalds. Prepare for the transients standing outside begging. The staff kinda look they wish they were there and it kinda reflects on the service. They have the kiosks to order from which makes service better.
"No drink refills.
Bad service  ½ï¿½ï¿½ï"
Fresh Air an clean facility
Food was not hot fries to salty
Eco-friendly flatware, restroom is locked up tight (transients). Employees are dismissive and arrogant. Not courteous and refuses to answer questions about food products, ie: what's on a cheeseburger answer would be... "Cheese & bread"! But the food is hot and fast.
Worst McDonalds ever.  Customer service is non existant. They act like they're doing you a favor by letting you order food in their establishment. Then it took 20 minutes to get a simple order. Heard MANY complaints while we waited. All McDonald's are worse since the kiosks came in, but this location is a disaster.  Avoid .
They used to be super cool! Since the remodel they turned into nazis! No water without a receipt. The stupid guard started a fight with a homeless man who came in. I dont know who sprayed it but pepper spray was sprayed. There were little kids in there. Cleared the place out. They are trying way too hard to not help ANYBODY
The food was fast and good for McDonald's. The inside seating area was kinda small and there were a lot of homeless people hanging out in front of the building. The entrance smelled like urine.
"They literally almost got the entire order wrong, would not come back ever. My family got two deluxe s round egg, 1small decaf coffee, 2 med coffees with sugar and cream. We ended up with packets of ketchup, no bread for the muffins in the deluxes,no hashbrowns and the wrong amount of cream.

Ok sorry I actually came back the other day and the food was amazing this time. Also, there is another McDonald's in my area that's pretty lame. This place has a better service overall.(sort of long review sorry)"
Every time I go to this McDonald's everyone is so friendly and make me feel welcome EXCEPT the cashier named EDNA. She gave me the WORST COSTUMER SERVICE EVER!! She was disrespectful and rude. How does McDonald's let her work here?
Ordered a triple cheeseburger & when I opened up my burger it was single, I go up & say it's wrong and I get "We don't have triple cheeseburgers". Apparently putting 3 patties on a burger is prohibited, but other locations are fine with me ordering this. Will not be returning.
I got my food at around 10 PM on a Thursday night. The McDonalds was packed with people, yet I only had to wait a few minutes to get my food. The staff was friendly and my food was made really well.
The restaurant was clean and orderly. Food was prepared fast and made properly. Everything was decent.
Filthy place, both dining area and rest rooms. Staff member who took our order didn't know what an Americano was, even though it's on their own coffee menu, buttermilk chicken tenders were inedible, looked amd felt like it had been reheated too many times.
The recently advertised 100% real meat patties for their Quarter Pounder burger, more or less, was what you expect--same great taste, same great value, though it did not fail it however didn't feel any different from their other burger options on their selected menu.  Would I get it again?  Yeah, why not?  Makes for a mouth watering meal on the go, quick to be served and ready in minutes with that first warm juicy bite followed by a second, third and maybe fourth?  Who knows, really?  Just Get It and Try One Out Today or When the Munchies hit Mount Everest peaks!
First the restroom was clean and it wasn't guarded with a keypad... When I see that I'll go elsewhere. I never use a restroom without purchase and I never ask . Even the chicken sandwich was fresh... Thanks for the service
Its mc donalds what can i say
"I ate there during a week while I stayed at Santa Monica, the service was really fast, even when the place was crowded.

The computer ordering system is really effective, they have 8 modules and they help a lot for taking orders faster."
Poor customer service with the cashier
The interior of store has recently been upgraded and has made it a lot more pleasant to be in. Due to its proximity to the Pier, there are still plenty of weirdos and homeless people hanging out in and around the store...
It's fairly crowded but got my iced macchiato and apple pie. The staff were friendly and attentive for the short interaction.
Lines can be long, but service is friendly. Sometimes it takes longer for the food to come out, but the employees compensate by doing extra for the wait. The employees do practice good customer service.
It's an interesting location for a McDonald's, and this property must be super expensive. Aside from that, it's a good enough place, and I give it 4 stars based on the expectations that come from a McDonald's to begin with. If you're on the Pier and you want a big Mac or some mcnuggets, this is your spot.
Worst one I've ever been to! They were rude, an employee was arguing with a customer plus it was super dirty! We walked out!
I need to use the bathroom facilities before I ordered. Mind you, the line was long. I was refused until I purchased something which was my intention but first thing first. The manager as well as security staff were very rude. I will never step foot into that place again.
They get you in and out fast. I love this McDonald's adjacent to the beach     and the Metro Expo Line
At first, I felt hungry so I went to this very fancy Mickey D's.  But then while getting back home ( which was a long way from the Santa Monica Pier ) I felt nostalgic and my stomach was hurting really bad.  So I had to stop at Carl's Jr. on  Newhall for the bathroom.
Blessya all let's all get along. McDonald is giving back .Teenager do have a place to stay it hard on them. Let's live and love. Homeless is trying doing it staying clean Amen. Grace..keep it moving.smile. Sister Ms Rose. PEACE
Worst customer service ever. Manager is rude and racist. I have been there twice and have witnessed the bad training of employees. Manager in nightshift charge wont help out at all. And I witness how rude she was to some customers, and when I asked to talk to a manager she insulted me and turned me away .  Mcdonalds. You should take complaints into consideration. All those complaints from us the customers.  I'm afraid if I go again instead of a big mac I'll get a mcwhooping.
My order was not completed because I asked for grape jelly and 2 employees gave me strawberry and said grape didn't exist at that store. When I told the head manager I was allergic to strawberries she apologized to me and said they have plenty of grape jelly and gave me 2. I also had no napkins in the bag so I had to come back.
Bit sketch here late night
This review is for the young lady that worked the night of April 7th, she was repeating the ticket numbers to customers after her cowoker behind the counter yelled out the numbers. I was standing with all the other people waiting for their orders. I hear my order get called, i grab it, and she tells me    let me see your ticket im literally right here   ... Ahhhh of course your right there but since im also right here Ill go ahead and grab it since im there with my ticket in hand mind you. To the lady with braides and glasses who appears to be the age of a co
Joshua is cool and helpful. Went above and beyond. Good vibes and energy. Happy guy and honest about the products. Dude was cleaning the whole time and helping customer at same time.
The order was done really quickly, and that was greatly appreciated because we were in a hurry. We bought 20 McNuggets and they tasted amazing! Every one!
The terror of the men was palpable in the air. The stench of blood and bodily waste clung heavy. It had been three days and four nights of terror. Ever since the men had come to this island,  it seemed like everything had gone wrong. Not just like God had abandoned them, but had an active hand against them. The coke here is always watered down.
The worst service ever... the people behind us got their orders but our order never been processed. We decided to cancel our order instead. The manager never apologized for that error. I still got the receipt. If ever the corporate head wants to contact me I am willing to give them what took place in that McDonald's. I hope the manager will get fired for it!!!!
Great customer service for such a busy location. Eating area is kept clean throughout despite obvious challenges of a beach location
The food was good.  I mean,  they put several pickles in my yummy burger.  The fries were perfect.  The wait was a little long.
No refills, ruins the Mcdonalds tradition. Staff is nice , but its too packed and not to much staff to help getting drinks.. Bring back the soda machine.
Always long lines .. use the app makes ordering much faster
"Chain Criteria:

       Clean Interior and/or Restrooms
    Fast Service
 ½"
Fast service. But if you want straws, you have to ask for them in Santa Monica. They give you a paper straw, so if you have a resusable straw, i recomend bringing one. Self-service systems are installed to reduce waiting time.
Too many homeless hang out in front of here. A lot of them are violent. No drink refills here because people would take cups out of the trash and steal soda.
Cold food, not prepared as ordered. Complained and they didn't seem to care. Would not recommend at all .
I love the CA McDonalds have McChickens (we only have Hot N' Spicy in AZ). The service was fast, and the food was fresh and cheap. It was also accurate (no missing items). This is how fast food should always be.
Good as every other mcdonalds but only one big difference.. A lot like a looot of homeless people here, I like it because of the staff but too many homeless, that and this time the resroom run out of seat covers lol
Ruthlessly expensive McDonalds food because it's by the beach, but they take the mobile order deals. Security on site though not too pushy. People seemed friendly enough.
Just another McDonalds restaurant for a quick meal. The quality is the same than in any other McDonalds restaurant. So nothing better than in others. From my point of view the services were not as clean as I have expected. That is the only bad "point"
Before heading to Santa Monica pier we made a lunch break here so we can grab a quick bite to eat before heading to the beach. Location was great and the service was fast and accurate.
Experienced placing my order by computer touch screen, paying right there and shortly thereafter hearing my number called.  Nice, clean, super busy place.
Cashier had her hair in a ponytail and so did all the other workers (that's not allowed , servsafe states you can only have you're hair in a braid or bun when working with food) one of the cooks had on of the sides her shirt in a knot exposing her lower right stomach. I asked the manager and he said the cashier had her hair down in a pony tail because she was almost leaving and the chick with the shirt up was because he shirt got in the way of her cleaning. OH! BTW she was cooking and sweeping with out washing hands !.
Always very quick and helpful
Very good service they try to keep it clean, only alot of homeless ppl. We get something quick to go always full of ppl too.
Usually crowded, soda fountain is not very fizzy and employees are quite distracted... Other than that a good place to get a quick bite on your way to/from the beach
Nice place to dine in (outside obviously) and take out is fast. Just wish it had a driver thru, overall fast service.
Great place for inexpensive food right at Santa Monica Pier. There is also a public parking just below this place. But just inquire about the price first. We were charged $30 for parking and there were cheaper options available nearby.
This place is dirty and employees don't care. Also homeless hangout here all day everyday. It's a good thing police come here often so they keep crime down.
Attitude. Lack of knowledge of procedures. Terrible customer service. The place is filthy. Who runs this place? Definitely not a place I would recommend if you're having a good day. This place will ruin that, wholesale. Good riddance.
The old lady on the cashier is so RUDE. She speaks poorly english and is rude.
The cheapest place to eat at when your by the pier literally. If your on a budget Mikey Ds serves you at its finest. The problem is they dont have the dollar menu anymore and this place can get packed during lunch hours.
Haven't been here in a while, they have remodeled. They have self order and cashier order. It's close to the peir so expect your occasional homeless ppl but there is a security guard.
"Massive homelessness dirty outside.
No parking NO drive thru security more worried about masks then the drugs dealing at the door."
Always have the homeless there taking the spots, it's Santa Monica! Can't blame them for hanging out but all the good tables are taken by them. Otherwise just your everyday McDonald food! !
Horrible service after the remodeling. Very rude attendant, they refused the refill traditional on all other Mcdonalds restaurants and security was super rude reminding I should leave the parking in 30 minutes (I was in the store for 12 minutes)
I go to every McDonalds I can. This one is quick service and good food. But please note that it gets a little crazy at night time. This is a very busy spot next to the pier.
Always a nice and friendly place to go. Fast and with good prices as always. It will be there when you need a food.
Rude cashier. Dirty seats and tables. And full of very crazy looking people/drugs (i felt a little bit uncomfortable) The Hot chocolate didn't taste like HC at all.
Always for my husbands coffe we stip buy. Value for money for a senior coffee.
Long lines and short staffed it seemed.  They can be good other then that.  Tried the bacon cheese fries and I instantly wished they was not only for a limited time only.
Was a McDonald's. You know what you get. The store itself was clean, the service was prompt and the people were nice. The automated ordering machines were a pain to use though and we gave up as it was unresponsive
"Asked for refund and the cashier faked the transaction I asked if it completed and she said yes. I did not get the refund.

The sandwich was disrespectful ï¿½ï"
Kind of  confusing as people were just standing everywhere and one of the workers looked lost herself. Once it cleared out some t hmm ings settled, the food was accurate and warm :)
Wonderful customer service
"Out of the places I have visited here sadly this one offered at least the most friendly of the people I encountered.

However it is more expensive then the basic McDonalds you're use to. It is one of the cheapest around considering your other options."
Horrible customer service I have ever seen. There is a staff named LOVE, she has the worst behave with customers ever. She even dont know how to talk. She did nit gave me a ranch
This is my go to McDonald's, now with automated cashiers ordering is quick and easy, nice and clean, courteous employees, it's just getting better!
Big Mac
Definitely not a great place to eat no refills they charged for it employees wearing air pods  hats to the back restrooms dirty no trying to clean it. Just horrible restaurant
I ordered a chicken buttermilk combo. Didnt get a drink. And when i tried to explain to the manager what happened, she wouldnt let me speak. Unsatisfactory
The McDonald's was busy but very efficient. Can't say I was impressed with the 2 napkins provides for 3 people's food and how they didn't add the ketchup requested.
Everything was everything as usual.  Keep up the good work.  Thanks to  McDonald's for a happy meal  ½ï¿½
very bad experience the employee are super rude they have very bad attitude
Very slow
No bad location easy to find, service is kinda slow at times though.
The food was great. Service was quick. They forgot napkins and ketchup for my to go order.
Great experience. Food was great, the ice cream machine was working. You can take the elevator or the stairs upstairs for the arcade fun. Also side note I did lost my phone while here and the employee was so great I wish I had her name but she made finding my phone a priority. Me and my family will be returning here again next time we ½ï¿
The staffs were very friendly and our food was good. The facility was clean. They were very busy and our food was was good. However, our food was not delivered until about 30 minutes after we placed our order. We wanted to try McDonald   s pasta. I 
"Love the world's largest McDonald's.  Has a kids Play Place, fun arcade upstairs, elevator, can order pizza and many other cool menu items.

Although usually busy, service is on pace. Got my meal in about 15 minutes.  I love this location. Found parking in about 10 minutes."
My experience visiting this place was not good. It was not because the place that is a nice building with many things to do specially for kids but for the service. This McDonald's offers Pasta and Pizza and I had the terrible idea of order a pizza along with many other things. I have to wait more then an hour and 15 minutes for it.  The place was plenty of tourists many of them in groups like mine and most of them had the same problem. The staff attention was not good. They were overwhelmed and didn't warning about the long waiting time. In some cases one hour and a half. This is considered the largest McDonald's in the World so it is another tourist attraction in the city. They should improve their service, especially in the pizza area. As a positive comment, I received a second ration of one of my orders for free in retribution for the long wait. My recomendation is not to order pizza if you are in a hurry, with a large group and during busy times.
This McDonald   s is one of the nicest and coolest McDonald   s I   ve ever been to. It is a two story McDonald   s with a play place and an arcade. They offer non traditional menu options, such as build your own pasta, ravioli, pizza, cake, cheese cake, etc. it truly is a one of a kind McDonald ½ï¿
The aesthetic of this location was really cool. There is a huge arcade inside as well as play area for kids. Two floors, tons of seating, an aquarium and a bunch of other cool stuff. I was expecting a little better service and food quality with it being the largest McDonald's in the country. It was cool to be able to order pizza and pasta since that is not something typically available at McDonald's but as expected, it wasn't incredibly flavorful. Prices were a bit higher than normal McDonald's as well but with all the extras at the restaurant that makes sense.
The World largest McDonald's is a must to visit if you have kids. Besides the typical menu items, you can order pasta and pizza, customized to order. The dessert menu is not a large selection but pretty tasty. Only downside is the wait for the food ... about 30 minutes for us so the food was room temperature when we received it. Of course, the kids can and will spend hours exploring the play area and arcade (a few of the games were out of order and not many prizes to choose from). The place was packed when we visited. Overall a good experience!
"Hands down best McDonald's ever!! We loved the game room.
The prices were so reasonable, $25 was more than enough chips to play for as long as we wanted.
They restaurant was clean, the food was fresh and staff was friendly. It also had an elevator that goes to and from the game room and restaurant."
"World largest McDonald's. Food is the same, they have pizza and pasta too. The seating and ordering process was quick and easy, but actually getting the food on time together was a challenge.

Our burgers came in fairly fast 10 minutes or so, but pizza took 30 minutes+ from the time when we ordered it. I had to come down and ask for my order for them to give me the pizza.

Honestly, this worth a single visit, especially the playground if you have kids. If you looking for a quick bite, I would go to the other locations with less people and quicker service."
It is called the largest McDonald   s in the world! Exterior looks great and interior as well. Two storied building with play area for the kids. Mainly because of the world famous universal studio and Disney park and the other tourist facilities this McDonald   s is always busy. However, it   s not among the best in terms of service quality! Long waiting for the order! No matter you use the kiosk or go to the counter to order your food, get prepared to wait longer than usual McDonald ½ï¿
Wow!! Every McDonald   s should be like this place in my opinion. They have arcade games and a playground all in the second floor. Kids love it here we easy spend about 2 hours, playing and eating and playing again. All food orders are made using the kiosks on the first floor and you take a number and find yourself a table. Your order will be brought to yo
"This place is huge! Large play place and fun arcade.

Pizza at McDonalds?! Yup, we tried it. Overall it was delicious and had great flavor, although the crust was a little thin for my liking.

Overall fairly clean, floors were a little sticky. Bathrooms were clean."
We couldn't wait to visit!!! The atmosphere is a little hectic but the food is amazing! Definitely not food you would eat at your hometown McDonalds. Highly recommend the pesto pasta and chocolate peanut butter cake. Don't forget to visit the arcade and play center upstairs. Watch your child's face light up when you pull into the parking lot!! Highly recommend
The only reason i am giving this McDonald   s a 3 is because of how dirty the bathrooms were! The food was good and the arcade they had was fun. I ½ï¿½
This location is nice and they deliver the food to your table. Only 4 stars though because the food was cold when it arrived. Probably would have given it 3 stars, but I got 2 extra nuggets in my happy meal.
If you love McDonald's this is the place to go. They say it's the world's largest McDonald's. The menu is definitely a bit different with pizza, pasta and waffles as options. There was even an arcade upstairs and a elevator to get up. The sign says the restaurant is open 24-7 which is nice when leaving the amusement parks.
We had the best time visiting the Largest McDonald's in the World!  This place is GREAT!  A must see if you're in the area!  I had the pizza and it was fantastic!  Next time, I'll try the pasta!  Staff was super friendly & helpful as well!
Great experience. We came here on a recent trip to Orlando. They have a large selection of foods. They also serve pizza and pasta. There is a large bakery selection. On the second floor you can dine at one of the many tables or play in the large arcade. There is a large kids play area, but that is currently closed due to COVID.
"World   s biggest McDonald   s. They serve Pizza and Pasta here, I tried them both.
To be honest I didn   t know what to expect from the pasta but I guess i"
This place was HUGE & very busy. All of the upstairs was a play jungle gym & an arcade along with some seating. A very diverse menu..the usual but also fire oven pizza bad pasta. I   m giving it three because it was SO slow. I know 
Very cool place, got food on menu you will not see at any other McDonald's.  The pasta was cool but not the best. Service was really good.  Had a good time...
Overall a good experience at this McDonald's, the largest in Florida, if not the country a very big place. I actually did not go upstairs to the arcade area, just ate and ran. But additional options here, pizza and pasta, I had both and both equally good     ½.  A little longer wait for those items, so expect the additional cook
The food was good!! The soda was a little weak, but that's not what I go there for anyway. Fast service. Very efficient. The arcade staff could be a little friendlier. But overall we had a great experience.
Came in on a Thursday night after a Magic game around 10:15 pm for the first time.  It was crowded with adults and children.  The ordering lines were long and playground was 70% full.  Seeing a few people with luggage and felt this could be there first or last meal in Orlando.  This is the biggest McDonald's in the world and the menus are different too, with pizza and pasta.  We tried the pizza and it was actually pretty good.
Well, I guess I checked something off my bucket list I didn't even know I had... The WORLD'S biggest McDonald's?! How cool!! Pasta on dishware - at McDonald's?! Yes please! The place was a madhouse, but worth it for the experience. It was our first night visiting Orlando so we didn't let our kiddo run around the H U G E play area... I know, kinda mean. But the amount of children in it and not knowing how often it was cleaned had me a little nervous. Definitely worth the visit, even for just a cheeseburger! And KUDOS to all employees, this place is NUTS! AND a drive-thru?! Bless y'all.
This was a great experience. I was staying at Orlando for a week and this was one of the places I wanted to go to. The pizza was really good, Mac tonight was also there which was mind blowing. My only complain was the pizza was pretty greasy, but other then that, I would recommend this for people staying at Orlando
Fantastic restaurant. You must visit when in Orlando. The service was good. The wait time for the premium menu items was reasonable. It was very clean and the staff was exceptional.
"The food was quality but service took a while.

I liked the food a lot. I had heard of the location having pizza and pasta so I got both. I also got a large fries a burger and drinks. Me and my party enjoyed the food and honestly the pizza was in some ways better than other pizza places.

Only con:
I'd recommend going through the drive through and not getting the special items only because the wait when you order pizza or pasta is increasing fast. Not sure if this is a regular issue but seems like when I have gone it's like this."
"Not entirely sure what I expected when going to the worlds largest    McDonalds    - I mean it   s just a fast food place right? Wrong.

The place is huge - brick ovens for thin and crispy pizzas, hand crafted pasta and speciality meal stations, the everyday McDonald   s kitchen then followed by a staircase to an arcade, playhouse and more sit down area.

The pizza was only $10 after toppings. It was a small personal pie - thin and crispy b"
Great place for the kids, playground  and playroom are great. I recommend  you the 30 min for just $5 play card while waiting for your food... it can take longer that other McDonald, very busy place.
Friendliest McDonalds staff I have ever met. Love the old school setup. Great pitstop during long drives.
"Long wait at drive thru despite one car in front of me. 15 minutes to get a fish sandwich and drink. Sandwich was disgusting and wound up throwing it
Out. Staff seemed confused as my order sat on the counter with workers waking past it many times before they finally gave it to me."
This is the slowest McDonald's I've ever experienced.  The staff is difficult to deal with and 5 out of 5 times our order is wrong. Great location and clean facilities though.
Pure trash. Worst experience on multiple occasions. Card swiped and charged twice. Took and act of Congress to get it reversed. Paid at the first window, drove to the second window, and employee says, "You didn't pay for your food!" Show the receipt and no apology or remorse, just "oh?!" Hands food to me. Last episode, shortchanged $20 of a $100 Bill. GM says next, we checked everything except what was actually take from the register and denies error in the transaction, but say I'll give you a free meal and dessert?! I can't wait to see that location shut down for good. Shame on the franchise owner and the corporation for the service at that location. Filing a police report and BBB complaint.
Carmel Frappe should have it own line
"Good morning, Please tell me if this matters or if I'm being to sensitive or petty or overly concerned. Maybe because I didn't have my coffee this morning.

I patronize this McDonalds in Oak Park every morning. This morning I forgot my wallet. I asked the Supervisor if I could pay them the less than $5.00 breakfast tomorrow. They said so sorry No. I pleaded with this new manager that I'd never seen before. I asked for the manager that I'd spoken with on several occasions.
She refused to see me, and he stated that her response would be the same!!! I asked him what was to happen to food on the counter in front of us. He said it would be discarded!!!!

Seriously, I asked. So, I said that you'd rather throw it away then let me have it, a faithful customer.....So my lesson is now, Thank you for teaching me a valuable lesson. McDonalds doesn't care about my patronizing their establishment and I'm going to seriously break my coffee habit. No more McDonalds from Oak Park on Madison for me.
A lesson well learned, can you believe my feeling was hurt when he said that my breakfast was to be discarded."
"Are use my mobile app this morning I waited to hear your associates voice  he say, go on with your order
When I order it, he didn   t asked me if I wante"
never have and ice creams or smoothies and always get the order wrong it shouldn ½
The kids love them
Employees too busy window licking to get any order correct.
Horrible they messed up my whole order and. Had to give me a refund. And they over charged me
I'm not usually a fan of McDonald's, but this location had good food. It was also clean and the staff were friendly.
Very busy place. No soda was available when ordering.
The kids we're. Satisfied
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Poor 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Terrible
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Ehhhhhhhhh
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Terrible
Poor 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Good 
Good 
After decades of serving families, McDonald's is on their way out. I blame it on the district managers not doing their jobs. McDonald's needs individuals who can read, comprehend and speak English. Today I went there for lunch. I ordered #6 Filet-o-Fish sandwich meal. I ended up with 10 peice chicken nuggets. Hmmmm....I  guess the order taker did not know the menu item or understand when I said Filet-o-Fish sandwich. I quickly caught the error and told the cashier. She said, "So you don't want it?" Then, the manager came along to find out what the problem was. I  explained and received the sandwich. I left and when I  got home, I found out I  had a frosted breakfast pastry in a ,Filet-o-Fish box! Come on now McD's. May we get better service and expect a lot more from you? If not, please close your doors to save the public from the irritation.
"What can I say, it's McDonalds.  The food is never cold or smashed. It's hit or miss on the type of employee you'll get at the drive through. They either ""don't want to be here and hate the fact that you're making them work"" or they ""smile and make you feel welcomed"". It's close to my office for a quick breakfast or lunch.

I'm editing my last post and changing my rating. I waited in the Drive-Thru for 10 minutes with no one coming on the line. The other line however three cars went through while I sat there. I pulled forward to place my order at the window and I was told that I had to drive back around. The level of unacceptable is insane.  I try to be understanding of fast food workers because I know they deal with ugly people but this takes the cake.  The day is Monday June 11th 2023 at 345pm. The morning crew is a good bunch of workers, however the afternoon crew has always been extremely slow."
The person taking my order Rushed me through my order. I I need to do was let her know if I needed drinks or not. She was so pushy we decided to get drinks somewhere else.
I enjoyed my deluxe spicy crispy chicken sandwich ï¿½ï
I feel bad for them. No help long lines take forever. Tried them again I did not think it could get worse but...
If I could give zero stars, I would, the employees are very rude ..
This McDonalds is pretty hit or miss, mostly miss. I placed an online mobile order, showed up 5 minutes later, and the lady kept me waiting for minutes until she told me they didnt have my order. Didnt even try to accommodate me any other way, she simply just turned me away. Was pretty rude also. They apparently couldn't be bothered to service a PAYING customer.
The kiosks suck. People can   t figure out how to use them, so you have to wait. If you can get someone at the register, they act put out. I managed to skip the kiosk, and had to wait longer than the people that took forever figuring out the kiosks. Been here 10 minutes and s
Poor service & communication! I will never go back to this location!
Fresh food
The manger was so very rude and service sticks
McDonald's as usual service was great
The worst McDonald's in Austin tx
Not much to it
I came here for a Uber eats order and their system was down and they wouldn   t give me a Big Mac sauce for my customer for free because their system was down. It ½ï
From my experience today, they have a bad job with the drivers who do Delivery, they take time to prepare the orders and when they are ready they forget to take them to the drivers, and with an APOLOGY they solve it, they should be more responsible, that is their work like ours is to make the Delivery on time
"Looks like chicken nuggets bite piece served, change one is not complete cooked. I got terrible chicken nuggets never ever.
Atmosphere is bad needed more organized."
Raw Chicken Nuggets served here! If you want Salmonella this is the place to be. They gave me a refund and kicked me out. I wrote down my number but they clearly wanted to do nothing about it.
Avoid at all costs. Poorly designed driveway. Employees mess up order 5 out of 5 times. Sent back a kids plain ketchup and cheese burger 4 times because they kept  sending out everything but what we ordered: cheeseburger with ketchup only. We  held up driverhru line because of incompetence. Total clown show.  1:10pm
"Went in for a quick breakfast with family but took longer than expected after ordering by self ordering screens. It's tough to drink McDonald's coffee after having tasted other good brands but the food was acceptable.
Few spaces for parking and limited space for dine in.
This place seems popular for early birds going to Universal Studios, it quite busy and thus the long wait."
I always stop in to McDonald's to get a nice ice     ½coffee with 2 pumps of sugar free vanilla. You can't go 
They allow you to order on the mobile app for pickup until 11 when they physically close their doors at 10 so you have to wait at a little window. Wouldn   t have o
The worse McDonald in LA. Unprofessional stuff and very unknowable manager regards to health and food handling basics. After realizing that the person who was working at the fries station didn   t used gloves at all and he was sticking his finger into each box he needed to fill and touched each fries in a way that is improper and already contaminated. I talk to the manager to ask why the person don   t  wear gloves that it is requirement in the kitchen that produce prepa
Drive through takes forever, never any parking when you decide to go inside to place your order. Kiosks have been down last couple of visits and workers pay no attention to customers(even when they need to pay because of their broken kiosks not accepting payment!) I went inside for a soda and iced coffee and didn ½ï¿½ï
Awesome Sevice, Fresh Breakfast Sandwiches, Thank You
Should have never got in the drive thru line no joke do. Not come here it   s 11:06pm been in this drive thru for over 45 minutes sta
My order is WRONG every time; the most frustrating customer experience. I live near this new location and have visited 6 times since the remodel, and I've concluded that this location is a 120% mess. If all of my orders are wrong I can imagine thousands of others are driving off with incorrect purchases. I ask for no cheese every time, and guess what is in my order.. CHEESE. Or my frys are half full, or the hashbrowns are completely missing, no syrup/ utensils are in the bag as requested. On 3 occasions we were told to pull ahead and park on the side while they remake my order, an employee brings out an incorrect order.. yes 3 times. Today this "New" team member blatantly tells me to go in and take of it... what the hell? Every other time I let the incorrect order slide, but today I decided to speak with the store manager. I let her know politely about all of my incorrect orders, and she replies "Sorry", I then ask "what is mcdonalds doing about this, its every time the order is wrong?" She responds "I'm so sorry"... I ask again and same response.  Meanwhile the woman next to me is asking about the replacement order that she put in ten minutes ago, they apologize to her and say they are going to reinput it.... this new location is a joke, its truly insane that a Mcdonalds is operating like this, and its been a few months since their brand new building opened.
They are going high tech. Unfortunately their equipment is giving problems so it takes a long time to order. Also, there is very little parking.
As always great costumer service and excellent food quality. After paying close attention to the conveyor belt I see the food is made above the restaurant. I think that's pretty awesome. Great costumer service as always. The ladies working behind the counter are definitely doing a great job.
"They forgot half of my order, when I called them back ( it was drive though) the girl that worked there gave me huge attitude, rolled her eyes on me and shut down the window , after new moments have me my bag with NOT CORRECT ORDER still. The most shocking thing was the attitude. Ruined our mood. Do not recommend! There are plenty McDonald restaurants in the area. Definitely avoiding this one.
Tip to owners : don ½ï¿½"
The white guy at the drive thru was good and friendly.  The reception was right.. But when I got my order, it was wrong.  I went inside to get corrected. The cashier and manager had some sort of rival  gang problem. Instead of walking away from the problems. They all started fighting. It was horrible. I won't ever go back there.
Very clean, and nice staff! A bonus: One of the people helping me with my order was from Michigan too!! GO GREEN!! And the manager was very helpful. The security guard had hit wits about him.
The studio city location has the worst service of any restaurant I know of. Drive thru is marginally ok, but inside is chaos. There are people in the kitchen who occasionally come out to the counter to reluctantly help customers. No one is charge. It makes me wish we had a real McDonalds nearby. I left a cold order of fries on the counter because no one called out the order number. Never did get my hamburger. I'm giving them one star because the food is fine, if and when you get it.
I stated at a near by hotel. This was the only thing around open late. Only the drive thru was open. The drive thru took 30 min. When it was my turn to order the cashier skip my lane and helped 3 car from the other lane first.
This McDonald's location welcomed you to experience the taste of the new world order; The Cashless Society and AI placing of meal orders with the 4 order screens. No big menu behind the one register so if you're elderly or suffer from Alzheimer's or just plain don't remember or know their menu like the palm of your hand.... Well Ronald don't care. But do have to say, the food was A Grade Made compared to other McDonald's where they cheat you out of ingredients and the full experience of a meal.
How rude of the driver thus person that worked on 3/15/2023 around 7:50pm we were wanting to get some fries and chicken nuggets and some drinks and hoping to enjoy a amazing meal from this McDonald's but we lost our appetites due to the drive thu person using a loud rude unprofessional tone the worker seemed rushed and we didn't even get our sodas due to the person being so rude. Not ok.
ORDERED A FILET O FISH    KETCHUP ONLY 
There's nothing special about a big Mac. I'm not sure about this location, but I've definitely paid $18 for a big mac meal. Better at better prices elsewhere.
Even after they remodeled with 2 drive-thru lanes, they are not equipped for it. It's super slow that you can order UberEATS and still get it faster. Worse McDonald's ever, and slowest "fast" food in ever.
The fries were hot but barely had salt on it. I couldn't taste any flavor
The girl taking our order was so incredibly nice! She was helpful and cheerful and really got our day off to a great start! The food was great and and it was done quickly!
Cashier on turn Apr-30-23 at 9:52a pretend didn't hear when when I asked twice please repeat the order, just told me go to the next window, of course the order was wrong
I   m glad to see this location is finally open again. Everything in the drive thru was fast, smooth, and consistent with what I expect from a McDonald ½ï¿½ï¿½ï
What a awesome staff that works here ALWAYS smiles and willing to take your order and get it right. Ketsia is just a sweetheart and very attentive to anything that is needed customer service is out of this world.Conrad is wonderful and he has a pleasure to talk to always.
The guys in the drive thru were so nice!  Love the deals too! BOGO!
I bit into the burger and the meat tasted funny and mushy so I cut it in half and it looked like this.
Can't believe this place is brand new and the parking lot is as horrible as it is. This is the worst design I've ever seen. If there are people in the Drive-Thru everyone in the parking lot is trapped in the parking lot.... no menus, no front of store employees and when you do show at the counter, it's like the employees are scared to leave the kitchen like they have high anxiety of actually facing someone or something. You can stand there at the counter forever and no one will ever come
Food is always fresh. My son loves when we head over after school for a little lunch.
This is one of the busiest McDonald   s I   ve seen. On the rare occasions when I come here for a coffee and hashbrown in the morning, this place is always packed full of hungry, antsy customers. The staff are incredibly patient and hardworking. McDonald   s customers (myself included) are probably the most annoying customers in the restaurant industry, but
After sitting in the drive thru for an hour, spending almost $50, asking for sauces and getting on the highway we discovered 3 missing large fries and no sauces. We returned and received 3 cold fries with absolutely no salt on them. Others were also complaining of incomplete orders as well.
Always a long line and always slower to get you your order. I don   t think I   ve ever come here at any time of day and been able to work m
"In contrast to the many radical reviews, this location was slick, modern, new, & clean. Small downstairs because the kitchen is upstairs. At 4:00 p.m. there were about 3 to 4 times more cars lined up to get to the drive-thru than there were people inside. My food was fine nothing too positive or negative.
This IS a McDonald's- not your family BBQ."
This is one of the best McDonalds I have been to. They were closed for several months due to construction. The great food and service has made up for the time when they were not operational. The food is always hot and the Buns so far have been fresh and soft. The best thing about McDonald's are the FRIES!!!!  Their fries are always fresh, hot, and delicious. The best part is they stand straight up in the box just as they do on the commercials and pictures. I don't mind waiting in the sometimes long drive-thru line for fresh food. Thank you for having pride in the food you serve.
Very disappointing after they rebuilt the whole building.  It is supposed to be the most modern of Equipment and yet it was the slowest experience I have ever had at a McDonald's, and only for two egg McMuffins.  Then, the English muffin was burnt on both sandwiches.  The staff definitely did not want to be there.  It is my closest McDonald's but I will definitely be driving the longer distance next time.  Just avoid this spot no matter what.
It took to long to get to the order screen at the drive thru. I don't get why it takes longer at night when it's not as busy than in the day. Its not just st this McDonald's but at all of them.
It's a newly renovated McDonald's, has a very skinny drive thru, so be cautious. It's advertised as 24 hours, but isn't always open 24. Have gotten food here several times since reopening. Every time food has been hot and tasted fresh. Customer service was surprisingly good. Will up date in the future. Trying to eat healthier...you should as well. Fa$t food $hould never be a daily thing. Warning ï¿½ï¿½
It took 1 plus hours to get thru the drive thru.  The drive thru is such that once in line you cannot get out. No one apologised for the abnormal wait time. When I got my food, the fries where cold and the taste old. I usually to not complain about a restaurant but 1 plus hours in a drive thru line is ludicrous. Especially for a fast food establishment.
This place has ZERO customer service. From no one being at the front counter to long waits to get food, to getting your order wrong then getting cold food when they "remake" your order. This is one McDonald's you'll want to avoid going to.
"I ordered from McDonald's and I did not receive my Sausage Egg McMuffin.
The previous times that I have ordered from this location..they have messed up my order."
Had to order at the kiosk. Good was fast and freshly made, great for a quick meal on the go. The interior of the place was very sterile. No menus above the counter. This location was just remodeled too, not liking it at all.
Rebuilt McDonald's on a lot that is way too small. 2 lane drive thru weaves through the small parking lot making it impossible to get out if you parked and ate inside.
Inconvenient parking lot, horrible place to put a McDonald's,  staff was not very friendly or helpful, overall just a so-so experience for the standard McDonald's food.
The drive-thru line takes forever because 1 person does both sides!  But the food is OK, except they always forget the juice box in the happy meal.
I can always close my eyes and count on the flavor being the same decade after decade
Literally the worst they literally never have working registers crazy wait times tonight they didn   t have food?? They said they wouldn   t have any food for another hr.. I work night shifts in the Area and theyï¿½ï¿½
Nice place very friendly. Needs to be a little more quicker. Its very small despite the tall building it was not busy either so the service shouldn't have taken so long
Don   t go. There   s another one up the street. This is the worst McDonald   s to ever exist. It   s actually not even a real McDonald   s. I think the franchise owner is doing their own thing here. the food 
Super Long line drive trough night time this place sucks what a mistake if you have. 45 minutes to spare this is your place
"The new location is attractive.
The staff member taking the orders was great, but the person putting our order together gave us the wrong items.
We paid for an upsize and got a lesser-priced size.

Mcdonald's french fries are outstanding; the rest of what they offer is oftentimes questionable."
Don   t go !  Usually  meals have been sitting around getting cold and stale before being served in drive through.  I even asked server to please get me fresh fries since mine were cold and her response was  ½ï
Never again will I order from here. 2 times ordered mistakes were made. Both were using the app so was apps fault but because they were short staff they could not find time to help and fix my order. Waited 20 minutes to leave with nothing and not even sure my order was canceled.
Great food and service! Cleanest most organized McDonalds I have ever been in!!
We have given this newly remodeled McDonalds a few chances. The only difference is they now can jam more cars in their drive thru. They will still make you pull up and wait for your order and forget that you're waiting. Same problem as before. Having this happen multiple times seems ridiculous and we don't even frequent this place. Location is convenient but not worth it.
The rest room was clean, I was craving French fries plus chicken nuggets and I got them, they were nice and crisp
My experience was ok. They forgot little things in my order, like a straw for iced tea, and cream and sugar that i requested.  The wifi is not available like they stated, when searching for wifi there is no "mcdonals wifi" instead it was a wired name like EBOS. The connection did not allow for simple web browsing.  For a Mcdonalds thats near universal studios. This place is ok.
Worst place ever. We had to ask to clean the table because it   s was filthy. Then they never served our order we waited for 30 min and it results that my order was cancelled because breakfast time was over and no one i
Best customer service we've ever had at a McDonald's and close to, if not the best, service we've had at any restaurant period. Clean, well managed, and unexpectedly a very nice experience with our family of 5 little kids. Thanks for exceptional service!
Mc Food. What do you want? This location works well with the app. They have the best app in quick service
ABSOLUTELY TERRIBLE. I get it   s only food but it   s fast food. We waited over thirty minutes for our food and should be called slow food. We waited at the drive thru first and no one was taking orders then we went inside and had to order on the kiosk because they told us too. Why h
Unfortunately almost everyone that works at the Lankershim and Riverside location are so unprofessional.
I had a miserable experience with this drive thru. Waited 15mins to be told they don't have the McRib or ice cream available. The wait times are ridiculously long. Go anywhere else but this location.
Lines are SOOO long and extremely slow everytime I come here. I don   t know why the staff is so i
Since reopening this location suck big time! Cannot get anything in time, the manager here is very poorly performing, no people to take orders, clean up or just run this place like a restaurant.
"The counter girl was very friendly and helpful! I want to use my app and the girl helped me out. I did have to wait almost 10 minutes to get someone to take my order.
Thank you!"
They need to change the time that they open ,because the door state   s that they open at 6:00 am but when ask employees what time they will be opening they stated that they don ½
Um, so this is not a 24/7 McDonald   s 
This McDonald's is one of the best. The food is always prepared well. I hate waiting in line, but I never have to worry about that here. Yes there are lines but the staff is fast and proficient and I always ask for my meals to be made fresh, although it isn't always necessary. Because of their popularity it always fresh and hot. A good place to stop or pickup a good and hot, fast meal.
Not truly 24 hours. Have been multiple times between the hours of 12am-4am and have been denied service either due to not serving food or not processing payments. Daytime operation is fine.
Claims to be 24 hours but it   s constantly closed. I go for McFlurries so i ½ï¿½ï
I was on drive thru so it was all good
Avoid this drive thru, youll be stuck for 30 mins. My last 3 visits the wait times were off the charts. I give up, off to a different location.
My friend and I ate here together, and we both deem this to be the best McDonald's that we have ever been to. Twice the manager came around to us to make sure that everything was going well. That's a first for me at a McDonald's.
I had a #BigMacAttack glad the sandwich was nearby this hour.
A bit of a long line in the drive thru, but the workers where moving the lines along. They friendly at the windows.
Hot fries and standard fare. Can get very, very busy in weekend nights at the drive through.
Whenever you buy at this location always check your order,  seems that every so often order is missing something.   With the long lines and once I leave the area I don't like to drive back.
They get my order wrong every single time. It's kind of amazing actually.
Clean premises. Professional service. Delicious food. When it's less busy, they'll come up to your table to check on your experience.
High volume drive thru, with heavy wait time. This McDonald's can't handle amount of people that here. If you want to wait a long time for the meal. Then you came to the right palce
I want to return to this McDonald's some day when the pandemic ends. The lobby looks cozy to dine in.
First time back since it was remodeled. The girl in the drive thru was great. Very friendly and personable.
"They always seem to forget something
in my delivery order,  napkins, straws, a whole order of fries. Pay attention , people. Okay this time you forgot a whole hamburger.  I ordered a Big Mac , it's on the delivery receipt , but it's nowhere to be found.  Furthermore, you sent a cookie that I didn't ask for in this order. What's that a consolation prize for losing the Big Mac."
24 hrs. Isn't that enough? Hot coffee? Comfort food.
Worst drive thru set up I ever experienced. No way out unless you go into the drive thru line and wait.
It amazing how many items you can get wrong in one order. Fries were double salted yet undercooked. Soda wasn't what I asked for. Really just bad service from the drive thru, on multiple occasions.  This location does not properly represent the McDonald's brand.
"Paid a visit to see the unique architecture. Inside was small but very clean. They accepted my coupon and my order was brought to my table quickly. No complaints with my food, but it seemed like someone was having trouble with an Uber Eats order.

My cashier was scolded by the manger for being too cold or rude to some co-workers; he kept repeating    treat everyone like an equal ½ï¿"
I   ve already written a review for this place and haven   t been here in a bit but this is an update. The girl taking payments in the first window with glasses, dark hair was rude, and the nuggets I had ordered weren   t warm and taste as if they were sitting out for a while. And to top it off they gave me an opened buffalo sauce !? I can ½ï
Most tables were dirty and sticky. Staff was nice. Just wish they allocated a little more time to the tables.
After waiting in drive through for 20 minutes,  I ordered a filet o fish and large fries with ketchup,  just to get a regular size fries not even filled to the top either , and a  filet of fish with no tarter sauce , and 1/4 of a peice of cheese.  I always check my food right then and there because this location usually messes up drive though orders , and  when I showed them  the employee gave me a attitude and rolled their eyes at me . She even tried to say the fries fell out of the box into the bag . I showed her the bag being empty ,and even made the comment. Even no ketchup.  She then said I had to pull out of the drive through to wait for my order to be fixed it would be 5 to 10 minutes, since my lunch is only 30 minutes, I had no choice but to leave.
The parking lot is one of the worst. All the spots are way too narrow and cramped.
Super clean, super neat, new self service is great, my son loves it, search deals!!! Take advantage of them!!!
"Food was hard and cheese danishes were hard
Workers forgot to give me water bottles.
They were just talking and seemed like they weren ½"
Good coffee, excellent food, nice people.
Good fast service..went in ange cl was awesome in da drive thru...be back soon
2 lanes, moves super fast.
"Just ordered two large drinks and two large fries. Both drinks taste wonky as if the syrup in the machines are off. And to top it all off, they had me pull to the side to wait on 2 (TWO) large fries.

Won't recommend this location to anyone looking for decent McDonald's food/drinks. Makes me glad I only ordered fries and drinks, I'd hate to see what else they'd wreck."
"Used the app to order, but took 30 minutes to get it to me at the counter. That's way too long. Tons of people got served before I did and my order was placed well before the other customers showed up. The only thing going for this place is that it's 24Hours drive through. And dont use the app, relaying orders to individual stores may have some bugs.

08/15/21
Update: this place is torn down. The building razed and the lot surrounded by fencing. I guess the bums from the nearby overpass finally took its toll. Too bad cuz the 24 hour drive thru was pretty convenient."
Newly renovated. Not a McDonald eater. Had some free time so I decided to have a cup of coffee with pie. Loved it.
This location should have stayed closed. Why do they have a re-opening sign when they're only operating for drive thru. What about the pedestrians? The ones who can't drive? At least I was able to walk in and  order food before they remodeled. I live less than a mile from here and I can't walk over and physically order food? And why is there a parking lot if we can't walk in. And how rude the associate was that I basically should have known better that they were only running the drive thru? You're better off going to the one on burbank Blvd. Who puts a double lane on a drive thru and doesn't expect problems? This isn't it McDonald's... 20 minutes sitting in a drive thru...
Employee at the first window was very helpful and he made sure my order was right however the girl at the second one ignored me and looked confused. The muffin sandwich bread was stale and very tough and the hash browns were cold and also tasted like they sat on a shelf for way too long. After 2 bites I threw it in the trash and purchased a sandwich from a near by gas station much better food). I'm from out of town and on my way to a meeting so returning wasn't an option.
"I had quite possibly my worst McDonald's experience ever here. After ordering a sausage egg mcmuffin with a biscuit instead of English muffin, the order taker said

""ok I'll punch it in so it comes out a good deal for you.""

Um... Ok...

When I got the order it ONLY had egg. I politely informed the person at the drive through window, but they refused to correct the order, saying in a absolute terms that this is what I ordered and if I wanted what I ACTUALLY ordered I'd have to get back in line and place a new order!!

What the hell???

I won't be coming back here!"
Good location. I went in as the drive thru line was a little long, must be a busy area. I got my food quick, I only had to wait a couple of minutes, I was not even able to fill up my drink cup before my food was done. The staff was quick and friendly.
I'm not sure what's wrong with this location, but half the time I go there the food I get is old and cold. Today I went through the drive-thru and they had a rush, there were about 10 cars ahead of me. So I'm not sure how they can serve me cold food when they're constantly feeling orders. Just extremely disappointed with this location. I ordered a big Mac combo and the big Mac was cold and the fries were even colder
The employees just kept screaming the n word. I wasn   t even trying to eat here, I was just walking by. A
"Great service! Food is hot and fresh!
Im loving it!  ½ï¿½ï¿"
It was clean. It was not too crowded. The items I ordered were up fast. It's a place to go when you don't have a lot of dough and not a lot of time. I try to eat healthy but sometimes you just need something fast.
"First time to this location, came at night (between 10pm and midnight) and was pleasantly surprised how fresh everything was and made to order, the fries were fantastic and my GF loved the Oreo McFlurry.

Will be back when I get my next craving!"
"The worst place in the valley
Nasty personal,nigth time manager it's the more inefficient person to rule a place,no brain,incredible how this person work in a restaurant. Never comes back."
All I ordered was 2 mcribs for $6 drive-thru. They asked me to pull into parking lot and wait. Ended up waiting 25 minutes before I got my order. They claimed the manager couldn't find me. It is a very small parking lot. The manager didn't try very hard. I ended up calling them to remind them about my order. They came out with the same mcribs and handed them to me by this time the were slightly warm and very soggy. The only explanation I got was we're so sorry. I just left immediately otherwise I would have lost my cool if I stayed. Ended up just throwing my order away after one bite. Lost my appetite.
Bad Service Bad Attitude! Gave me the wrong drink and charge me for 2 sandwiches when I ordered one. I was in a hurry to the office (around 8AM) and I didn't have time to argue. When I got to second window and I was handed the bag and the window shut by someone who looked like she'd rather be anywhere but there. Terrible service.
Decent McDonald's, newly rebuilt, quick drive through.  Sometimes food's been under heatlamp a bit long though.
I only eat McDonald's once or twice a year, and after 22 years in the neighborhood this location is - in my experience - the best of the chain within a mile of the length of Ventura Blvd.  Fries have always been fresh.  Service has always been efficient.  Don't let long lines scare you.
This McDonald's is fast and very easy to get in and out of.
This McDonald 
"Ordered 4 pies through doordash. The bags come sealed so I know it's not the drivers fault. They only put 2 in the bag, so half the order was missing!!
Called to see what's up, Christian basically told me 'too bad, nothing I can do'"
I've given this location a few chances over the last two years and while the drive thru is fast, the drinks taste wrong every time. Something about their soda machine is just not working like other locations and hasn't been for a long time.
This McDonald's is garbage. Dirty. No soda. Only take orders from 1 of the 2 lanes. Nope.
This is one of the best McDonald's. Place is clean and it gets quite a bit of traffic. Parking is tight but the drive thru(24 hrs) is short. The staff is mostly young professionals and they represent themselves well. Great fast food.
Little bit of a wait but that's pretty much everything in LA chicken came out hot and they remembered the sauces. The location didn't look too shabby but if they had a larger parking lot they could probably not contribute to the traffic on the street.  It's McDonald's not a chic-fil-a  you get what you pay for
Nice clean location. Customer service was super friendly and professional. Nice seating available. Outside seating also available. This location has 24 hr drive through. Overall great experience. Keep up the good work!
"TERRIBLE. Got our orders wrong and when I got home it was missing my entire meal...
NEVER WILL I EVER RETURN HERE.

Manager Rosalina or Rosaline is terrible as well she is clueless and she has no idea how to repay or provide refund for this mistake. She called back saying she can   t do anything I   m too busy I can ½ï"
This place has changed for the worse in the past few months. Previously well-staffed with courteous people. Now they don   t even look at you when you place your order. Not even simple please and thank you. I guess the cream of the crop left and moved up. Now it   s staffed by stoner high school dropouts! They co
"There   s a young man here that goes by the name of Muhammad. He is extremely rude!! Not an exaggeration.
He has no concept whatsoever of customer service. He pointed at me and started demanding me to walk over to him because of a mistake he made. He ½ï¿½ï"
"Every time I've eaten there I've never seen an employee clean or wipe down a table.  Always sticky and I've had  to use water and napkins to clean the tables before eating.  I'd think they would at least watch and take care of this situation.   Also, very drafty from AC over tables and if you want to have warm food eat fast.   I've asked if they could turn the AC down a bit, but they said they couldn't.
Picking another MD now."
Carlos, the young man running the front, was so friendly and all smiles even though he was getting overran and I myself was a bit of a problem for him as I had 5 kids who ordered 10 minutes apart from each other and changed their order twice. He still managed to take it all in stride and got us our food in a reasonable amount of time and with a smile on his face!
"A little small for my taste. It is one of the older McDonalds, so it doesn't have outlets.
The staff is great, though! There is one dude that works in the morning that is always so nice, and it seems like he never has a bad day! None of the staff (as far as I have seen) discriminate against homeless people. Their humanity gets them the extra star!"
Beware of the parking, it is very crowded and the drive through is inconveniently located  very closely to row of cars backing up and when gets crowded, if you are backing up you may have to wait or  even worse get hit by a car backing up (I actually saw this).  Not a big fan of McDonalds food, but the fries are classic and a tea no sugar is refreshing.  My order is always small fries and large tea no sugar.  Service is always great.
"The drive thru girl lied to me and the mgr stepped in to assist and the next time I went there, I started out happy and said hi
She did not answer....wierdo!

Not cool to hold grudges.  I don't.  Every day, is a new day and a chance to clean up messes.  She could fix it and apologize but, she chooses to ack like a child!"
This place has clean restroom. The parking is free but is mostly full and requires some wait to park. The dining area is not so big but clean. The cashier was friendly and welcoming. I like that breakfast was served all day.
I was there this morning at 10:00 a.m., thinking about ordering breakfast and coffee. The woman on the intercom wasn't really friendly and did not explain to me why they were not serving breakfast at this time. I thought breakfast was served throughout the day no matter what but I guess I was wrong. I've never had an issue with this McDonald's but this was a first and disappointing
"Google keeps bugging me to review it, so here goes:    It's Mcdonald's. You know what you're in for when you go.  There's always a 50/50 chance that your fries will be hot and delicious, or cold and nasty.  I'll only add that this particular McD's suffers from being next door to one of the largest homeless encampments in LA.  Be prepared to be asked (usually politely) by a transient for food.
Of course, this isn't really the fault of the McDonald's, and I'm not making any judgements. I eat here frequently, since it's just off the freeway near my house, and McD's in general has improved their food over the past few years."
"This Asian guy on the second window asks me to drive to their parking area because the order is not ready and said he will bring it to me. I waited for 10 minutes in the car and he never brought it.  I decided to walk in the restaurant, they had the bag just laying there.

Why would he ask me to wait in the car if he never planned on bringing it to me??  Bad service!"
It's McDonald's. Their menu is growing, and has a number of new additions that look to be a bit healthier, but I come for the comfort of a Big Mac or Whopper.  This location is situated in an area that limits parking, and the drive through fills up the the point where it causes issues on the street. There's minimal seating (although I've always found a table). It is clean, and the staff the normal level of friendly and helpful.
"My whole order was a lost, the oatmeal was not closed correctly and so all the order got wet and the oatmeal did not cook right .Then, they didn't even supply me with spoons. I asked for cream and sugar in my coffee, and they gave it to me black and  they got upset because asked them please add what I had asked for, in my coffee.
I ordered two breakfast burritos and they were cold, it's frustrating how bad some employees are trained they don't have any pride on what they do, nor care about service they provide is just a shame."
As always, McDonald's prices are good for your pocketbook. Bought it for my three little friends and they were very full. And my wallet was very happy. Very friendly employees as well.
We ordered our food (It was free egg mcmuffin day) and before we even sat down they brought it to us, clearly it was made before we ordered. It was cold in the middle. They proceeded to stare, whisper, and laugh at us. I was uncomfortable eating the food, afraid they had spit in it so we left without touching a thing.
Soda was just fizzy water. Burger was undercooked. Fries were good and hot.
Although it took longer than I expected to dine on, there was actually service and concern from the attentive  staff. And I really like the burgers. I get a qtr pounder with cheese and dont eat the  bottom bun.  To cut carbs. If you do it quickly the cheese doesn't melt so it very easy to go openfaced!
What more can you say about McDonald's. It's what it is and their prices just keep getting higher. Fast food used to also be remotely inexpensive. Now they think they are fine dining with their prices going up quarterly.
Lazy people very rude when they fall behind which is alot they dont use the register and wont help with kiosk they need new staff
I'm giving this McDonald's location a 3 star rating. This was due to the fact that their fries weren't all that great and meat was a bit oily in the quarter pound burger. I've also noticed that the quality of their buns aren't what they used to be. Not sure if I'm the only one who's noticed the change.
It took several minutes for someone to take our order, then our order took forever and was wrong. My Mc muffin was rock hard and instead of the cheeseburger my friend ordered he received a Mc chicken with cheese. they were out of sweet tea and the little straw trash bin on the soda fountain was bursting out and spilling into the ice catch. This facility is dirty, packed both inside and in the drive thru, and is obviously understaffed.
"They got my order wrong... This happens often.

To make things worse they are very inefficient. Ordered a small fries, they served 10 other people before I got mine. Seriously, fill up a small bag with fries while you await other order burgers. I used to worl at McDonalds 10 years ago and know how it should be run. Horrible!

Ironically two other individuals complained about their order while I waited and one got into an argument with the manager over cold cheese."
The drive through at this McDonald's has always been busy every time I've gone.  It's honestly worth driving a little extra to another location if you are in a hurry.  I've been stuck in the drive thru line for over 15 minutes on several occasions just ordering a single cheeseburger.  Granted, compared to In and Out that's nothing, but this is McDonalds.  That aside, the interior has always been pretty clean when I've went inside.  If you go for breakfast on the weekends, once again, be prepared to wait.  They do take Apple Pay and Android pay!  The one time I used it, the person behind the counter actually knew what it was.  So many places tell you they don't have it but just don't know what it is.  Another big plus is the drive through is 24 hours.
It's a McDonald's like any other.
I am so happy and glad that they finally reopen. And a new remodel is amazing really nice.
Great, friendly, efficient service for a quick bite in the car. The fast food was served piping hot and the sauce to meat ratio was on target...French fries were seasoned perfectly with just the right amount of crunch.
"The staff who took our order doesn't have customer service. Very impatient. In fairness he is so quick taking our order and he knows his menu.
Sad that frappe machine doesn't work.
No choice as thia is the only place that's open for breakfast here at universal."
I ordered a Mcdouble, which was on their outside drive thru menu. When it came up on the order screen it was shown as a Bacon Mcdouble, I told them that I just wanted the regular Mcdouble, no bacon. So all they did was note NO Bacon, and still charged me the full price for a Bacon Mcdouble. When I got to the window I clarified again, but was told they didn't have that in their system, and that I had to pay the full price for the Bacon Mcdouble. I asked ro talk to the manager who then told me they didn't have what I ordered. I told him to go out and check his menu, because it was on there. He told me he didn't need to, that it was not on the menu. He was very rude and dismissive. I realize it is just a few cents difference, but why should anyone pay for something they didn't order, especially if what you ordered is on the menu. I see no reason to be treated so unprofessionally, and rudely. I don't recommend visiting this McDonalds, luckily there are plenty of others near by who treat people with respect.
"Drive thru order was botched. We paid for two milks and upon arriving home, discovered that there were no milks and instead of the healthier grilled chicken that my wife ordered, she was unable to eat the crispy chicken that we received due to dietary reasons...what a waste. Hopefully somebody got the milks we bought-

Avoid the drive thru at all costs! This was not the first time; and we should have stopped and checked the order-

Never again"
I just left there 10 mins ago and my fries were horrible. They weren't even fresh and definitely something I would NEVER give to a customer
Got the spicy nuggets, everything was great! HUGE shoutout to Michael on staff, legendary experience with him!!
It's McDonald's but not too bad considering they just completely remodeled the place. The kitchen is now upstairs and it has smaller foot print with a bigger more organized parking area.
Had a terrible experience from start to finish.. An order taker in the drive thru even though there was not a back up- he interrupted my ordering- got it wrong(i corrected him)- the cashier had it wrong(i corrected him)- then they handed me the wrong order- then the fish sandwich was burnt and tasted old and the chicken nuggets tasted like very bad chicken.. Worst McDonald's experience ever.
I asked for a peppermint mocha and all was well until I realized the hot cup they served it in was cold by the time it was too late and I was already home. Drive thru service not the best when you have to yell out the order multiple times.
As far as a McDonald's chain restaurant would go I can say that this is a decent location it's really a McDonald's so I don't know how much you could realistically expect out of a place like this you know a fast food chain but the food here is on par with any other McDonald's is there The drive-thru is relatively quick which is good
Cool new McD's with the kitchen on the Top floor.  Needs sum better decor very plain
As far as McDonalds go, this is a pretty good one. Know how I can tell? Fries are *always* blistering hot.  I live near this McDonald's and I don't have to force myself to come here even though I pick up food 2 or 3 times per month. Stuff that's supposed to be hot is hot; stuff that is supposed to be cold is cold. As far as the service goes, here's the amazing thing: mostly millennials are working here .... and the service is still good! If you are in the area and hungry, I recommend this McDonald's....but please don't tease the Millinials they get spooked easy and stampede.  Thanks.
It's a little bit hard to get in and out of the parking lot other than that everybody is very nice and it's a good facility they don't run as many specials or deals like by two or buy one get one free on the breakfast sandwiches and stuff like a lot of other McDonald's do so that's why I didn't give him five stars other than that the place is clean and they're good
My brother and I tolerate it because it's close to us and it's open when no one else is.  But. .. you get the loonies showing up there. Homeless wandering in and out filling up for free their gutter cups at the soda machine. Smells, psych ward cryouts and who knows what else are the norm so do yourself a favor and order by the drive through and get the hell out quick.
bad night. went for a burger. got trapped in the drive thru. took almost ten min to get to the order screen, only to find out their grill was down. and they aren't cooking meat, just nuggets. trapped for another ten minutes, for a total of almost twenty minutes with nothing to show for it. things happen, just put a damn sign up.
McDonald's is awesome, get the app with that you can get 99 cent large iced coffee!
Small but very busy McDonald's location with a drive thru.  They offer their standard menu and service is reasonably fast.  They do have extra attendants working the drive thru during busy hours to try and move traffic along.
I ate so many big mac. A  Lot. 4. I love mcdanal an big Mac plz
Happy it ½
The new design is futuristic. Self-order, no register, sleek design, compact. Impressive.
The rudest and least compentent staff I   ve ever found at a Mcdonald ½ï
t's fast food they take like 20-30 for an order and all the tables are dirty
It's McDonalds. If you don't know to check your bags before you pull away then you've never been to a fast food restaurant before. The service was friendly and the new menu items are fun to try. Seriously though it doesn't deserve one Star reviewing... I've been to some true one Star places and this isn't one of them.
Small McDonalds. Clean. The restrooms were locked and I had to find somebody to let me in. That always frustrates me. The place had about 50% of the staff needed to meet the crowd.
Small and cramped inside always seems busy. Parking lot is small too, but drive through delivers standard menu mostly reliably. Easy access to freeway at this location too.
Stopped here on the way to LA. Every employee i talked to had TERRIBLE customer service. Everyone there looks miserable. I heard a man ask to enter the mens restroom to just wash his hands while they were cleaning, the person cleaning refused and then he asked the lady at the register if he could ask the person cleaning to let him inside the restroom and she told him to go to the womens restroom with a huge attitude! Really rude workers.
This place has a small parking lot, but the inside is generally clean and cool. The soda machines Diet Dr Pepper tastes a little off, other than that the service is good and the food is well put together.
So/so McDonald's but it's the closest to the house. They could do a much better job of cleaning it and also getting rid of the vagrants the sit for hours. If you're looking for friendly service, don't bother but it's mcdonald's, who come for the service. They drive thru is fine but gets way backed up
This isnt IN n OUT and people do actually want to look at the menu... so having your employees stand outside in the hot sun... around the corner from the full menu... taking orders with an out dated sandwich board is pretty ridiculous. (I ordered a #7 from the board... which was a #6 in his tablet) so my order was wrong...Why can't we simply order thru the box like normal drive-thrus McDonald's
Hey what can I say? But!!!!! Sure make not just good - Damn good hot French Vanilla Latte with whipped cream on top! I like it so much they recognize my voice coming thru the drive thru in Sherman Oaks. The only thing I like better is when someone brings it home to me and we put just a timble full of Bristole Cream, or Kalua, or my fav-o-rite Pennsylvania Dutch Egg Nog in it! Oooh weeeee! Better watch that Penn Dutch. Sure will creep up on you though!
They know how you make early morning coffee taste yummy to the last drop.
Never a correct order - last night they forgot to put patties on both kid's hamburger buns, the kitchen timers are always beeping, not very clean, parking is limited. Staff is friendly. Kids like it so we'll continue to come here.
I used to work across the street so I would go there quite often. Usually quick. On occasion I would wait 20 minutes to get my order. Otherwise good service.
Slow. All. The. Time. I have never come to this location and quickly got my good and out, it's always this long process (just for my order to be wrong).  I wish they put in the attention to detail that the Studio City location puts in.
Went in here to us the restroom, since im working outside, got a no. Thank you coffee been for the yes. To show my appreciation, I bought a drink.
Worst McDonalds ever. Staff try but automated and crowded
Drive-thru. But just afterwards I found out the news that McDonald's is supporting terrorists, Hamas, and suddenly against Israel. So I won't be going back to McDonald's until that changes.
This McDonald's ice cream machine has never once been broken anytime I've ordered ice cream, and that's literally the most I could ask of any fast food establishment.
My fa our place for coffee. Always we make sure we get the senior coffee.
It takes forever to get breakfast here, every time inside and out
Cold nuggets.  Homeless people just walking around cars.
Terrible, floor was disgusting and no one cleaned it after asking, even the tables were left a mess that my family had to clean ourselves. Unfriendly atmosphere and employees looked at us in anger despite just walking in. Would not recommend anyone this establishment
Very happy. That old prejudice of food places regarding "no substitutions" is finally being put to rest, and this particular McDonalds location is at the forefront of that movement. They really do try to accommodate people,for instance, who love pancakes and eggs, but don't eat pork. Hold the sausage but you like hashbrowns? No problem! Hooray! Maybe Jack Nicholson will come in and order a turkey sandwich.
Took 40 whole minutes from the time I entered the drive through before I got my food.
Super clean. Amazing customer service and the vibes here are really great. This location is in my top 3 favorite McDonald restaurants.
didn 
The guy taking our order for drive thru (he was standing outside taking orders) was really nice and helpful.
Service member that took my order was my lifesaver this morning. God bless you and your family plus staff members. #framily
It's a McDonald's so the food is very consistent. Unfortunately, the parking lot is impossible to use since the drive through wraps through it. I've been stuck in the parking lot for 20 minutes with no way to get out.
Bad exsperence two days in a row no mc rib! Drive through slow no matter what time i go there. Fries old on several different occasions. Isaac the night manager was sweet!
My burger was fresh cooked, perfect in every way. The fried were hot. Fast friendly service. Great mc donalds.
"Upon leaving this McDonald's on Friday morning. I turned around just in time to see a  Rat, Not a mouse ,A GINOURMOUS RAT!!
I Kid you not, this Heavy Hitter was the size of a Men's Shoe Size 12!!!
I was amazed at how tame it was...
Kinda scary the way it just lingered in the parking lot without a worry in the world.
Maybe It was Stuart Little and was waiting for his food in the drive thru.
Unsure , either way, If you come To this McDonald's you might be blessed with his Presence..
Enjoy your McMuffin!! ï¿½ï"
It was very busy for the time I came in. I had a 15 minute wait on my food
Third time this year that the drive thru got my order wrong, and I've only been four times!  And the manager expected me to get back in my car, drive back to the restaurant and wait in line again to get it fixed- I don't think so!
This location always seems to be on top of their game.  The drive thru line at rush hour goes quickly and the servers are friendly and efficient.  Love this McDonalds!
Gross bathrooms, you know it's sketchy because they have security outside of it.
Not a good service nd i asked for ranch nd ketchup they didnt served me anything just becus they wanted to have a fast drive through
Like stepping back into the 70s.. this place hasn't been updated for many decades by the looks of it. Very old fashioned. Food a little greasy and saltier than other McDonald's branches I've been to.
"I guess for a McDonald's, it deserves 5 stars because it was perfectly a normal McDonald's, but it is still the lowest common denominator when looking for food, so...

Don't expect ""more than McDonald's"", but it was clean and the food was hot."
Loved it ordered the new beacon extreame burgar without onions. Nice choice from Spain. The lobby is clean and neat and the service is quick.
EV rude, manager lady also rude.
Very good service my 1st time here ..me and my kids are in a vacation so we decided to eat here and the greetings and food quality really good i give it 5 stars .. Recommend to come here.
Tried calling to find out what the Happy Meal toy is today for grandson. The phone has been busy for 45 minutes. Must be off the hook. Going elsewhere.
It's open 24 hours (the drive through at least) so you can get that item your craving for day or night! Good service & friendly staff!
The afternoon crew over there is very ignorant and arrogant! I don't know if that was just an incident or that's there normal but It was unpleasant to order from them!
Super slow service  
Today 3/18/2022 restaurant is closed for renovation no date when will reopen, but Google maps shows as open 
Best McDonalds ive ever been to. Food was very fresh and well made. Service was timely considering the amount of customers that were waiting. Will definately be back!!
The McDonald's I just went to was so filthy I didn't even eat there. The parking lot was disgusting all around the outside of the building was really filthy. Inside was better but not by that much.
People brought their own food to this place (like 12 people) yams and hard boiled eggs and ordered2 sandwiches and 12 coffees and too all the tables.  People were complaining but management did nothing
The food there sucks, it is so tasteless & I've even got a sausage mcmuffin here & it wasn't done, plus the coke is really bad.. no coke just seltzer water... never again
Parking lot is very small and the drive through is in the way of the back row parking. This place is to busy during my visit find another fast food place near by unless you really 2ant mc donalds.
Cold burgers disgusting looking and tasting meat, the fries were the only     ½
It's McDonalds. They are consistent but they can't seem to get orders right.
Hot and fresh in the throws of a lunch rush. Best Quarter Pounder i've had in a minute
Slowest drive thru ever, avoid at all costs
Do not eat this food. It will kill you. Is not even food. If there was -5 stars, I would give it that. If you feed the stuff to your kid, there's something really wrong with you.
Just left... asked to make sure to add flavor to my iced coffee cus last time they didnt.... well... I got plain iced coffee again!!!
Food was warm and as expected. The staff though...whew, ya kinda get the impression they don't want to be there.  
"It was McDonald's!  The service was fast and friendly.  The food was good and most importantly the FRENCH FRIES were HOT!!
NOTHING WORST THAN COLD FRENCH FRIES! !"
my country men was serve and assist my order.  thankz
Used drive-thru around 2am just to find out that they were only taking cash because the card terminal was not working. I only had a few bucks cash to spend and I even got my oder wrong. Terrible experience! 
Chicken tenders were hard as rocks. The bun on the buttermilk crispy chicken sandwich was burnt inside and hard. Could not eat!
The usual McDonald's clean, very busy, parking is not great it is a very active drive thru. I was able to park but getting out was harder.
This is my go to McDonald   s and it ½ï
excellent place to dine fast service
Love stopping through here before or after work! The restaurant is smaller many, but makes up for it in Customer service and accessibility.
Went through the drive through was good service and fast inside looks big and spacious in case you prefer to eat inside
Great Customer Service Friendly staff. Got My Order Done in A Timely manner. Thanks MCDonalds Staff.
The worst McDonald's to get breakfast really early in the morning I always go try to get breakfast around 4 in the morning and there card reader is never working I don't understand how every day at 4 a.m. they can't accept debit or credit card this is been going on for a very long time
This was one of the worse experiences I've ever had.  We sat in the parking lot for 20 minutes waiting for our order.  They forgot about our order.  Then when I got it, it was missing stuff.
This place has changed a lot.They forget about your order or forgets certain things in your order.Now there are more homeless's.Now there are teenagers working there and messing up your order.My grandma asked for a ice cream cone but they gave her a cup instead.I recommend going to a different McDonald's for right now until they fix the problems.
How do you mess up this many orders? And the fries were weird. Just go to a different McDonald's
Always quick and easy out of this location They managed to keep this place very clean
It appears this location burned down or was leveled for reconstruction.  There is no building only steel support beams and a fence around the lot.
It's fast food right? But the service was friendlier than you'd normally associate with fast food and that was from interacting with three different
They have a new menu board now finally with accurate food on it... but my nuggets weren't fresh and they forgot my sauces and napkins
Always buy my ice coffee here usually it's perfect but a few times it taste really watery or over loaded on cream/milk or even vanilla flavor
The standard McDonald's menu, the staff is friendly the restaurant is clean. They do get busy and sometimes they get a little behind but not a lot.
The new rebuilt mcdonalds looks nice, also 2 drive thru lanes now.
It's not a great place but it's not too bad of a McDonald's to just go in & have a quick meal to eat there or take it with u
Dining room has gnats Told employee but no reaction Maybe the gnats amoing others is why i raely go. Was in a giant hurry only reason
Drive thru was fast with 3 point contact. Order taken in line, payment window then pick up window
Good service and got us everything quickly.
We always have fun at McDonald's
Nice customer service free Wi-Fi and they even have outside seats small parking lot though. Overall good experience.
Very friendly staff and quick service. One of the better McDonald's I've been to.
Waited about half an hour in the drive thru.  They informed us they could only accept cash.  No sign telling us that before pulling in.  Don't go here late night.
Same as any other Mc Donald's in the world, a lot of the homeless comunity visits there so it's good to always give them a hand
Meh? It's Mickey D's, but to u old farts out thr: ask 4 the Senior Coffee, like 69 cents & just as good as Starbucks!
Besides the guy with the meth pipe going through the trash the food is as expected. It's not McDonald's fualt there is a methademic
I went to the store today and asked for a sausage McMuffin and they said they didn 
Friendly and fast. No issues
Quick service friendly staff food was yummm... and the two breakfast sandwhiches for $4 is awesome!
Disrespectful Employees, piss-flavored nuggets, somebody forgot to flush the toilet avta they've tooka SHET, my a**h** is nicer than this restaurant.
I am giving this a low rating because it is at an intersection that is not easy to get in and out of. The parking lot is tiny and you just can't work with it.
I went today, 11:15am, asked for the free big Mac/maccoin, they said, they were not authorized, 08/02/2018
Made a quik stop during lunch hour rush and was in ans out of there fast with great sevice and freshly cooked fries and a bomb oreo shake.
Good food.
Fast service, friendly, bathroom wasn't available, over all thank you
Good food. But the area has so so many homeless people. Be careful after dark
Place is too small. Once you order I waited for my food and I really didn't have anyplace to stand without getting in someone's way.
Bad customer service, rude, they lie about giving u condiments. Food is usually missing when u get home.
Drive through is faster than walk in. Food is good for McD's.
Very good service and my food came out really quick good coffee and quality food
Very friendly fast counter personal..always willing to make sure your order is correct
I've never had a problem at this location. The best employees thus far
The Place was okay, excepting the bathroom,  i know it's difficult have that clean and beauty but could be better conditions
The second story is a lie. There is only 1 floor.
Long wait times for simple orders. Poor management. Unacceptable cleanliness standards.
Open 24 hours in the dining room as well as the drive-thru. And WiFi, too! Thank you McDonald's!
They do an amazing job here in the mornings to get all us busy people in and out quickly!
Unhealthy and poisonous food. Acidic lack of nutrients. Nothing but fat and carbohydrates. Food should be illigal, period
Ay listen here, this place gets 5 stars err day of the week. Tuesday to Monday. Real fries realfries real frys
Cold fries. Incredibly long wait for 3am (were talking 20 min for each customer). And incredibly horrendous customer service. AVOID THIS PLACE!!!
There is an "entrance fee", upon entering and exiting the drive thru. LOL
Says 24h but they were closed at 2am (including the drive through)
Great job at this location, from Orlando, Fla tourist.
McDonald's in North Hollywood very good customer service you got to deal with the homeless a lot right there though a good McDonald's to go to
They don ½ï
Did the mobile order thing I asked for extra onions and got none at all that's how difficult it is for these people to understand English and even said it on the receipt extra onions
ýýýý ýýýý trash
Fast and efficient.
We got mcdonald's then we drove to San Diego and than I proposed to my wife at tuna park.
Don't come to this mc Donald's. They always takes forever to prepare your food and constantly passes people in front of you
Great food.  Slow / bad drive-thru setup.  2 lanes into 1
Went thru the drive thru and they forgot 2 fries and reversed my request I asked for no lettuce they gave me lettuce only.
I don't really eat food at Mcdonalds but I stopped in there frequently for their hazelnut iced coffee.
Worst drive thru, took 26 minutes to get order. WORST McDonald's in the world!!
McD's is always a good time, but this time was great! All thanks to the cool staff!
Small but friendly and clean.
Park lot was very small and congested, I was stuck for 10 mins. Employees are very arogant too.
I got my order wrong twice first they gave me coffee instead of hot chocolate and then I said no ketchup on my burger and it had ketchup probably not going there again
McDonald 
20 minute wait for 2 egg McMuffinsï¿½
Kinda Slow Service and a very small restaurant but the food here comes out decent
Their prices are up snd transactions are down. There are better fast food alternatives
always cheerful and always helpful. great service. the only downside is OVER RUN BY HOMELESS PEOPLE all the time!
Ice cream machine always broken. Very low quality location.
Long drive thru line, very fast service. Impressive
This is my favorite place fair prices good food and the best crew
Would have got five stars but they were out of ice cream cones... Boo!!!
This place is dirty and has many flies. Smh bad service as well.
Its McDonalds.  Drive through is narrow and has a sharp turn, but other than that one thing, it's your standard McD's.
I had to wait for a coffee 30 minutes    not a good experience I
They forgot put gogur and SOS in happy meal.and today did not put toy
Go to this McDonald  regularly,  most of the time they forget something,  straw, napkin, sauce,  etc.
Most of the time it takes so long to get your order and so far it has only been this McDonald's
Very very slow took a long time be completed,  unorganized but we're very nice employees
This location has friendly staff but has one of the slowest drive thru in Los Angeles.
Long line in drive-thru. Machine not working for atm or credit card. Very sad for such a huge company.
This McDonald's is kicking ass and taking names. Puts the others to shame. Love this location.
Avoid it if you can. The service is terrible; some employees need to go back to training to enhance their costumer service skills.
Didn't expect such great drive-thru so early in the morning.
Just like all McDonald's!  Nothing special! Always ask for fresh fries!
Night service suck and manger has an attitude. During the day. No problems
It's ok if you want something fast the people are friendly.
I had forgotten to order my cheeseburgers without onions but the lovely man behind the counter had them remade just for me at no charge.
It's McDonald's.... how good can it be. Tastes the same as it did 50 years ago when I was a kid
It was ok , cheep on handling out ketchup and I asked for mayonnaise ,, they said they didn ½ï¿½ï
Great...my granddaughter loves your oreo cookies icecream....
Could barely get through the line to park, spaces are way to small, and waited 22 minutes to get two coffee's!
The staff was a little too casual when taking my order...
Very dirty and staff.is.not friendly at all. They act like they don't like their jobs
Great spot, mellow atmosphere. They really seem to have figured out their niche.
They are always crowded n drive through as well, but the service makes up for it
Ordered something small took over 15 mins. People who ordered before me got their food before I did.
Very good coffee and the service really nice  
no mcdonald ½
Slowest McDonald's I've ever been to. 20 minutes trapped in the drive thru line.
They were not letting homeless people eat or use the bathroom that we're buying food that's wrong
Good drinks at a decent price. Quick service.
This is a busy McDonald's so there is generally a wait at the drive thru and parking lot is tight..
My cup was fingered by the cashier.   Two stars because he gave a new one when I asked.
Los Angeles. Great service and fast
Super fancy electric menu in the drive through. Pretty impressive
"Crowded parking lot
Homeless camped outside refilling dirty cups
Uber drivers hang out in lot refilling their dirty drink cups
Dirty inside and out
NEVER EVER EVER fill your fry container to the top!!!"
Great coffee faster services
Not good for health as we all know but a little good food
"Just had my ole standby snack:

Dbl-Cheeseburger, small fries and a small coke.  90's High School Lunch!"
Good when you're running and you do not want to entertain yourself
Food is always delicious and the fries are always super hot.
Drive thru should be for walk ups to so we can order food also
Delicious, when they don't re-fry the fries and filet-o-fish
Poorly managed. Management as no problem lying to the customer when an error is made.
Fast drive thru. Very efficient!
Anytime before 7pm is hit or miss. 7pm to 4am is always quick and hot.
Love the value meal menu. Great place for dessert.
Makes it easy to grab a quick bite. Self ordering inside
Clean store with fast service. Had the mcgriddle and wow
The same old, the food is bad for you, but it's cheap if you do it right and don't get sucked into the marketing  
Disgusting. I love McDonald's but some franchises don't know how to cook the food, and this is one of them.
Small place, recomended for drive thru or take out
Typical McDonald's just with REALLLLLLLY long drive-thru lines. Nothing special, nothing to write home about.
Really long SLOW line at the drive through. Took FOREVER.
Fast Happy meal! Accommodating and friendly
I didn   
The McDonald's at Riverside was confusing because there was no River and this McDonald's was not at its side
Unorganized! Couldn ½ï
Another McDonald's I frequent. The fries here are a little better than the NoHo one at Burbank Blvd.
Too much mayo and burnt bun. Homeless come in and get sodas with old cup - ew
That big guy can really sing! Awesome place, awesome singing dude!
Nice location, large and comfy, friendly staff, plenty of parking space.
I like this McDonald's out of all of the ones that I have been at because this is the only one that the walk in stay open 24 hours.
No one should ever go to McDonald's for anything but going to the bathroom
Sometimes busy. Some days drive through accept only cash.
Good service...fresh coffee... I'm coming back !
Most convenient McDonalds. It can be busy and you might wait a little longer.
Was excellent porci ½ï¿
I was able to get a quarter pounder at 930 am
No matter how many McDonald's I visited in Los Angeles County they all have the same problem,  filthy bathrooms ...
My rating is based on my love for the iced turtle.
This McDonald's was very satisfying and well organized with very much class
Not great. Lots of ne'er-do-wells hang out there. Be weary travellers.
Long lines lately outside on drive thru inside slow toi
"Bed service very bad manager
He "
I ordered 2 of thier "premium" chichen sandwiches,  TOTALLY GROSS,  AND SOGGY COLD DOES
They no longer have chocolate dipped ice cream cones. What a shame
Excellent coffee, but prices are increasing.
The service is below zero
Very rude female employee. Look like she didnt wanted to work
Double quarter pounder can't go wrong... with cheese
Can't go wrong with a 10-piece chicken McNugget meal
Worst food ever. The hamburgers taste like a paper.
Good service unfortunately only 2 restrooms
Treats food couriers with respect. Restaurant owners take note.
Its mc donalds not healthy for you but good cold water
Pretty fast service and good family pack
fast drive thru considering it was rush hour
Be careful with drive thur they can forget you suff
It's mc Donald's,. The man before me backed up the toilet and an employee let me use the women's
It's cheap but filling and really tasty.
Business is booming, excellent food and fast service
Food was terrible and it seems every homeless person in LA was in the parking lot or in the restroom
This is a good one.  Clean and easy to park.
there was a hair in our food
Get food but forgot several items that were bought and paid for unfortunately was too far away to go back
I got 3 sloppy vanilla ice cream cones today.
Open 24hrs. Line for bathroom at 11pm, but only place open.
The McCaf ½
The cashier was unfriendly, and the sandwich was missing the bacon,  as always.
Ok food service 0 and prices difference from all other
What can you expect? Service and food is always ok.
Hate their food and service never go back
Our breakfast was fast and clean restrooms
Is not a healthy food but when you are hungry you got to eat. 
VERY SAD ' HOMELESS OUTSIDE ' LURKING AROUND...NO ' CHRISTMAS MUSIC OR SPIRIT ' INSIDE  ½
Always there when you get the munchies while on the clock. Thank you McDonald's
Wow. The therapists here are brilliant!
Great service and very accommodating!
Its McDonald's food but a little crowded when I went
McDonald's is an American standard for fast food.
Not good. Fries were stale.
parking is a nightmare, WAY too many homeless near by
Always fresh and fast service
Let's just put it this way I am now a vegetarian
One of the fastest McDonald's out there
Long wait
Pretty decent service for a McDonald's
Ok very good place to eat breakfast
Quick and easy, very clean, newly renovated
"What can i say about McDonald's
IAM LOVING IT  ½ï¿½"
This place is total kaos!! The worst service anywhere.Yes  the worst!
Drive thru is pretty slow.
Have had wrong orders and or missing food.
Pretty good as far as McDonald's go.
Slow but order was accurate..
They just serve dri ka and cookies
Good food but dirty.
Good location. Good food and service.
No restroom bad service 
Nice specialty coffee drinks!  ½ï¿½
Small place but clean and fast
The burger looked nothing like the pictures
Great service it was pretty quick.
"The burgers just keeps getting smaller and smaller
And the price higher and higher"
Very fast congratulations. Good team.
It came back! Hooray!!
Doesnt matter where you go, always tastes awful
It's  McDonald's.  This  is  an excellent  example  of  McDonald's.  Nuf said
the staff and management are all very friendly and professional
Menu card is  growing very fast...
It's McDonald's, however, very, very slow service.
The meth epidemic going on outside wasn't happening.
Good and fast great mcdonald's
Loud obxious mgrs screaming out orders
One of the premier sites for Latin dancing in Southern California.
Always fast friendly service :]
Like the promo and the attention here in Burbank San Fernando blvd
Typical McDonald's. Could be aa bit ccleaner.
Great food at reasonable prices
Dirty.  Tight parking lot.  Too many homeless people.
No tomatoes!  Did not inform when ordering.
Always A GREAT place to eat
Didn't let me use my coupon
Convient, probably would avoid if it wasn't right there.
It's pretty good but not good
Beebe enough parking,  very cramped little place,  Location Location Location though...
Its fast food. What else can you say?
I just happen to love McDonald's
Attendant didn't listen to what I ordered.
"MAKE AMERICA FAT AGAIN
.
.
.
Oh I forgot America is already obese."
Great place! Restrooms are clean!
This place is sooo busy, all the time
Very quick and friendly service.
Very nice customer service
Excellent place food fast..
Local mccy d. So it always a good experience
Welcoming and willing to accommodate most of the time 
Too many homeless people close by.
Good service but slow
The staffs are very kind and helpful.
The workers are no help and are rude
Order fresh chicken hot and fresh  
Love the manager lol
Good service fast and friendly
A little dirty. Tables never clean.
This company screws the world with its artery choking grease burgers.
Great people and very fast.
I want my. BIG. MAC.  NOW. I. SAY. Lol
It 
Small but great staff.
Convenient fast food on the go.
horrible service fire the b,i,t,c,h
The parking and driving space in the parking lot is terrible.
Average. Fries were cold and soggy.
Good staff. Lots of homeless.
there fast to serve you
It's macdonald's what can I say? Good
Very good location and good service.
This McDonald's is the best in all the valley
Mcdouble was nice and hot
Typical McDonald's food. Nothing special.
Drive thru too slow
Great for all family members.
The manager was very nice
McDonald is gross. I just ran in to pee
Great fast service.
It's McDonald's, simple, fast and cheap.
Mcdoubles for life!  Please....
Clean, friendly staff, quick.
Great coffee with a special shot  ½ï¿½
Great place with delicious food
Drive Through fast and efficient.
Great as normal
Great  f00d and love the work
Kids love ice cream
Quick with great deals
Saw a bunch of rats inside.
Very small, unorganized and dirty.
Limited parking and alot of traffic
Trying to be helpful
Clean food was fresh
Closed for construction as of 5/20/21
Good Ice Cream Sundayï¿½ï
Great service. English speaking.
Hot friez, reliably!
Fast n delicious
The best one, super clean
Small but nice place
Ice cream broken al the time
Use the app, so much free stuff.
Ok food ok price
Good costumer service
Very fast service
1.09 soda any size!
The place has character
"Ran out of straws"? Suspect
It's good for an emergency.
Some one there was smelly
Great service by cashier
Good friendly food
It ½
Had the Travis Scott Meal!
Dirty bad customer service
Homeless people all around.
Always they make a mistake
Love the quick service
McDonald's is McDonald's. This is no different.
The fries suck now
Breakfast on the go. Loads of salt,sugar.
Quick, food fresh, clean
The line is always too long
Bad customer service.
Good customer service..
No outlets and to crowded
Filthy dangerous lots of homeless
Fast food anytime!
The service was great
Pretty decent for a McDonald's
Very good food
Cool
Awesome.
Very good
It's fast food.
Tables dirty
Great place to eat
they sell burgers here.
Nice and cozy place
The restroom always are in construction
beware, only accepts cash
McD's hit the spot.
Long waiting time...
Fast and good as expected
It's McDonald's the nice place
not bad ehh....
Good looking workers
Lazy late and wrong order!
im fat now
Uncooked foods.
Pink slime. Yuck!
Very clean and friendly
Inconsistent  customer servicing!
Nice small restaurant
Wasn't as good as normal
Fast drive thru
Thank you Elastrada .
Freshly made food.
Worst ever had
great for late bite
Great coffee and burger
Long wait
Poor Customer Service
Its right next to the campground
My son favorite
A little bit sketchy
I love it
S l o w
I love it
Sketchy but reliable.
Their prices suck
I love it
I love mcdonalds
"I'm LOVING it"!
Open 24 hours!
same old same old, decades later
Uncoordinated, rude and delayed
The service was slow
Great service.
To slow
Service was good
Meh.
Good service..
Yuck.
Good service
Friendly service
I love McDonald's
A classic
It's Mickey D's...
Great service
Superb!!!
love it
Great service
Great for maccas
The French fries and the Breakfasts!!
Great service.
Quick service.
I Love hamburger
Great service
Love it
Its Micky D's
Great breakfasts
Same as any onther
Very convenient.
Great service
This mornig was close.
Always polite
Play area for kids!!!
Good place.
Fast service!
Gross Numb City.
Bomb
Fast and good
Nice staff
Booo
Ok
Ok
The name says it all
Good service
FAST
Delicious
Good prices
Fries!!!
Quet
Food was dry
Always accommodating
Good service
Service horrible
Delicious
Still great
Awesome
Good
Great
Great
Awesome
Nice
Yummy
Fast service
Awful
Hot
Tasty
Fast
Good
Awful
Fast service
Great
Slow
Fast service
Rude
Blah
Fast service
Get the McLobster
Open 24hours
Good
Good fastfood
Fast service
What you expect
Nice place
Breakfast
Usual
Friendly
It was OK.
SLOW SERVICE
Excellent 
Not to crazy about
It ½
To expensive
Excellent 
#froyozombie
It's a McDonald's
McDonald's.   What more is there to say.
Nice McDonald's
Mediocre McDonald's
It's McDonald's!
It's a McDonald's!
Its MacDonalds  
Maccas is what it is
Its a McDonald's.
McLovin' it!
It's McDonalds.
Cheap food
It's McDonald's.
Fast food.
It's McDonald's.
Its McDonald's
It's McDonald's
McDonald's is McDonald's
It's McDonald's
McDonald's
Super fast, what I liked is that they have several services, you can order online, buy through the screens or at the checkout ï¿½ï
Norm Gentle. Only as they see EBT begin to be baptized. There is a convenient podzhopnik in front of the cash register. Recommend to lean
Too bad I only bought two coffees and it took me more than 19 minutes and they still moved me to the parking lot and then I had to return because they didn't take what I bought with them lousy service
"The food was put in plastic bags and the steam was so hot that it came out as watery. They are supposed to have special delivery bags.

They put some of the food in plastic bags, causing the sweat from the heat of the food itself to cause it to arrive in a watery state. They are supposed to have delivery bags that are not plastic"
Bad service     I asked for a double hamburger and they gave me one with only one m
"Check orders! Sauces are not included.
Long time to cook"
When you're hungry and don't want to waste any more time... Mc wins the jackpot!!ï¿½ï
wow!! Very fast, friendly
Very dirty everything and little staff
The person who took my order was not very friendly, I hadn't even finished ordering and told me...have a nice day...
I love your coffee
I did not like the format of the store, the bathroom is kept closed.
Rico and his hot and delicious muffin sausages as always the only thing they don't put napkins or ketchup or spicy sauce
My hotcakes with coffee  ½ï¿
Bad service and they always forget to put the complete order, there is always something missing even meat in the hamburger
I bought two meals from them for my friends, and they gave me bread and cheese in exchange for meat. Hahahaha, and the account came out with 30 dollars. Damn the mother of fraud
I ordered a fish burger and it only brings the bread, the fish and mayonnaise. I expected it to bring lettuce and tomato but no, I think it would be better with luchuga and tomato
Everything is fine and the lady with brown eyes is very kind and pretty
A lot of homeless come in to ask for money.
I made pleasure i just passing by...and i am breakfast...I made hispanic ppl...attending me.
It is a good restaurant and by downloading the restaurant application you get good space.
Every time the things are more refrigerated and the coffee is made to your ** taste
I like it in El Salvador I could not go to the USA and not eat
very fast service
Very fast service friendly and fast staff
Excellent service
The toilets clogged the restaurant not top in cleanliness
Excellent service, tasty burgers and more, congratulations!
No-no-no-no-no THEY DEMOLISHED IT  
It lacks a bit of speed when delivering the product
Poor 
The drive through was very quick (the fastest I've experienced in many years - think NASCAR pitstop), the order was accurate, and the food was fresh & tasty.
the heavy set woman with the short cut quick weave with glasses is very rude and miserable looking . i stood there waiting on the doordash order for 20 min and she didnt ask how could she help me she didn't say anything  she was skipping over the doordash order  and just let me stand there then when the order was done she threw the bag
Best customer service around  
The food was hot,best hot French fries  
Good stuff.
Good
Good
Good location
Poor 
Terrible
"Perhaps the most poorly run McDonald   s in Texas. Visited on the weekend,  so naturally busier, but the management, attitude of employees, and physical condition make this a location, in my opinion, the worst location we   ve ever visited.
1. Trash everywhere, see pic for example. Trash on the floors, tables, parking lot.
2. Dirty tables. Obviously tables get dirty. So we asked if a team member could wipe down a table to remove ketchup and prior visitor   s"
This is the closets Mickey D near us and we usually always have a good time. This time tonight we asked for extra sauce, the white lady with black hair, thick and wear a brown cardigan and bun? Was VERY RUDE when asked if their was extra sauce in the bag and closeed the sliding door before we can ask for more. She then re-opened it after seeing we were missing additional sauce from our order.. she was very rude cutting me off and stated you need to ask for extra sauce when ordering, since it   s now a charge for sauce? But anyways we don   t mind paying? It ½
"Incorrect orders most of the time, missing ingredients in the food or missing chicken nuggets. Poor quality of food.

I am not really a picky eater and don   t usually complain, but I gave this location a handful of chances    "
I   ve never come to this McDonald   s before and I never will again. The woman over the speaker was rude and handed me my bag and walked away. I 
Cashier walked off and left the cash drawer open never gave me my change, 10mins later all he said was    oops haha 
Yesterday (2/3/2023), I stopped at Roanoke McDonald's to get breakfast.  I ordered the Big Breakfast with pancakes via kiosk.  My order was number 797, upon serving me my food I ask for an extra syrup.  The employee gave me the syrup but was very rude in telling me it cost .35 cents and next time include it in my order.  Without giving me a chance to explain he walked off.   To add to the bad service I discovered after leaving, my pancakes were cold.  I don't usually go to this McDonald's, and usually don't get bad service at McDonald's but figured I'd take the time to let others know how this McDonald's is treating it's customers!
I ordered a artisan chicken sandwich no tomatoes on 2/22/19 through the drive-thru and when I went to get my food they told me to pull up and wait. I waited half a hour to get this sandwich and chicken nuggets. The sandwich looks like it was thrown together, way too much sauce. It was all over the entire sandwich and on the inside of the box that made the bread soggy. And to top it all off they gave me the head of lettuce and brown lettuce.
Very slow, waited over 20 minutes for a Big Mac and medium fries.
Frys were cold, did not give me my large drink that was ordered, and when I asked for my receipt, 3 people just walked around lost.. said forget it and left.
I always order the same 4 orders of the 20pc Nuggets. For some odd reason it   s $12 more expensive at this location than all the other stores in the metroplex. If you like to spend extra money for the same exact thing you can get from another location for cheaper than this is your spot. For me it   s not. The manager g
Employees always seem bothered by having to work. If you ask for extra of something on your burger, they'll give you none of that and if you take something off they'll make sure you get extra of it... This has happened multiple times now.
Nice people but this location lacks staff. Childrens play area not clean. Smells of dirty mop. No soap in children bathroom bathroom smells of  bad odor
Five stars for service.  This McDonald's should be a training store for managers. The manager and his entire crew were all about keeping the orders coming and making the customer job one. Haven't experienced this at a McDonald's in a long time. This McDonald's should be the standard the others have to meet.
Dine in area is fairly clean & they even have a nice sized playplace for the kids in a separate area from the main dining area. Staff is nice & quick.
My hash brown had sooooo much grease that it soaked through the bag. GROSS!!!!!! I'll never get food from this location again!!!!!!!
Manager on duty was very rude.  My husband went today to pick up a missing item from order from the previous night that they forgot to give us.  Instead of going above and beyond to correct their mistake and guarantee excellent customer service, she proceed to interrogate my husband rudely.  In today's world where there are so many options to eat, you think that people would put their best foot forward to make sure their customers have a good experience. I WILL NEVER spend my hard earned money at that location EVER AGAIN
The play area is nice and clean. Food was normal, not bad, just regular McDonald   s food. The place was clean except the bathroom in the play area
Staff wasn   t friendly AT ALL and these are literally the worst, coldest, most unsalted, most un
Good service but one the staff in the kitchen is way too loud and wouldn 
very nice and respectful customer service, and clean bathrooms!
Usually order ahead in the app and do curbside pickup. Process is easy and discounts are nice through the app. No issues with service or food quality at this location.
It use to be good but they got new owners and it like they are cutting corners to save money. Also the manager  just looks at you and not take your order
Absolutely TERRIBLE customer service. Never in my years of walking this planet have I ever experienced such a terribly trained and terribly managed location. Charging me almost $30 for an order of pancakes and giving ME and attitude when it is THEIR mistake. I very calmly stated that there was an obvious mistake on the receipt, the cashier seemed new, but for some reason the manager thought it was appropriate to put the blame on ME and not their lack of being a good manager and training their employees properly. Disgusting behavior for a problem that required next to NO effort to fix, but the manager sought it better worth their time and effort to be nasty.
Enjoyed watching our two boys play in play area.
Incorrect order and couldn't mix Powerade and sprite for some reason.
"McDonald   s in Roanoke has been a disappointment to me lately. It seemed like a good idea to use them as a fast stop for breakfast on my way to work this past week. Unfortunately I was let down by the service I received.     ½
The first day I ordered In the drive through and the lady taking my order seemed like should could not understand me so when I got to the first window and paid, I asked for a receipt the lady   s response was    We don   t have receipts    When I got to the second window and received my food it was comandwich than what I had ordered.     ½
I decided to try them again one last time the third morning in a row and the service in the drive through was rather rude just like the first time, and I received the wrong size coffee AGAIN.     ½When I asked the man about it his response was    I don ½ï"
They need to get more training. First, they tell me I only paid for the sandwiches not the meal. (Paid $11.54) Two sandwiches doesn't add up  to that. Came back told the girl I'm missing drink. She told me to go back around and re-order.  I go back in line and get my drinks.  I get home, my whole order is wrong. Just looking at through the food, there were eggshels in the eggs. Just terrible.
I went their today got a double quarter pounder meal got a double hamburger meal
Fast food, friendly staff, and ok coffee.
I have been in line for 10 minutes and how you have it set up you have one line you veer to the right of the intercom or to the left but you only have one lane going to those intercoms. I had several people behind me this lady comes around and cuts me off. I got out of my car I said excuse me you almost hit me and could have caused a catastrophic accident . She said that the lady told her to cut in front of me and I said who and the manager of that McDonald's Sylvia said I did. I told her you almost caused a catastrophic accident and she said it's a two-lane and I said no ma'am and other people in line roll their windows down and said it's only a one lane and Sylvia argued with all of us that were  in line  waiting. You're going to have a catastrophic accident there if you don't get two lanes drawn up. Number two, Sylvia should not be arguing with the customers in line and she did not serve us. I never use profanity I told her it was unprofessional and that it could have caused an accident and other people were telling her the same.I'm very disappointed how McDonald's has lowered the bar in hiring people that will argue with their customers when the  are trying to prevent an accident. I thought the motto is safety first.
Went to work this day I was pressed for time but the drive-thru was very fast
I think the morning shift are one of, if not the best, they provide great customer service and good food, definitely coming more to this McDonaldï¿½ï
Absolutely TERRIBLE customer service is an understatement. The manager screams at everyone who is a customer. To me his young pond has no experience in customer service, I have never been to a place had experienced such a terribly trained and terribly managed location, this is very true. I have gone through drive threw and walked in. To see bad people working there, just do not care. I did send message to McDonald's Company, hopefully someone will see what ½ï
The drive through service is horrible. They gave me the wrong order and was told to wait. I waited  for over 5 minutes for them! The manager Maria Gutierrez (might have her last name wrong), FIRE HER!! After waiting for so long, I had to drive through again, only for her to lie and say she gave me my food. Very rude individual. Had lost all my appetite by the time I got the food!
Employees change but as of 07/30/21 at 4:11pm they will put no meat on your burger and no salt on your fries and if you ask for any condiments they will ignore your request. They seem like nice enough people but their service is terrible. *no refund or remake was requested. Never ask for your food to be remade. Don ½ï¿½ï
The manager who attended this Roanoke store was very rude, the ice coffee   s had no caramel flavor, the cookies  ½ï
If you like McDonalds  this is s good one.  I like McDonalds.  ï¿½ï
They always have the nicest staff, and the tables and bathrooms are always clean. I can't figure out why people don't just accept the Golden Arches. The food is good, and nutritious. You don't need to order a big mac every time! Just get a salad!
The directions to get here were a bit off. Service was great. Food wasn ½
Delivery- complete joke! Don't bother taking the time to order sauces for your Nuggets! I ordered 20 spicy,  40 reg, picked out at least 9 different dipping sauces as "required " not to mention Desired by my kiddos!! We did NOT get ONE sauce or even a ketchup!!! Just to make sure they were consistant with disregard, they didn't even give us straws either to go with our $3 mango smoothies...2 of them! So, 60 Nuggets-NO sauces  AT ALL!  Not the first time they have done us wrong on the Nuggets so buyer should be cautious!
f I could give it -5 I would. Ordered on their own mobile app so it seems like they chose not to read /deliver the order actually ordered. I collected , drove 10 + minutes towards home before the kid figured out that his order had every single add on we had requested not be added. I called and , zero apology,  was told to drive back to the drive thru and collect. OH-KAY. Lovely customer service already. I get there and the 'manager' asks me to return the wrong order, I handed it back (untouched) and he made  huge scene of firing it in the trash. emmmm, your mistake. No apology and ALL the attitude ? Never , ever again. Calling the franchise owner. I would hate this guy to represent my business . I felt so sorry for his team mates /peers who were embarrassed by him.
The interior was something I'd never seen before. There were planted boards you could use to place your order before reaching the counter, but the line was short so it wasn't needed. The place was clean and all the orders were right. It was a nice stop for a sit-down quick lunch like how fast food should be.
The person who takes your order always seems to be mad, the cashier is never polite and orders are almost always wrong. Good thing other better places to eat are around here.
They canceled my online order even though I ordered it 40 minutes before close and was just turning into their parking lot. They still had 10 minutes to be open. I understand I   m skimming time but that ½ï¿½ï¿
This location has a fun indoor playroom area. The play equipment always seems to be clean and well-maintained. I take my two-year-old granddaughter there occasionally, and she always has fun. The only reason for the four out of five stars is because their projection screen/interactive play mat has not worked properly since we have been visiting there over the last year. It has partially worked on a couple of occasions and my granddaughter remembers that she enjoyed it. Every time we   re there she stomps on it to try to make it work. She will grab my hand and pull me over to the mat and try and get me to make it work. I
Good quick service! But the lady that works at night front counter is very rude. It's a way to say something. People are spending their money.
When the order is correct, the quality is fine. But I never get an order completely correct, especially if it's a McCafe drink. I would let it go, everyone makes mistakes, but it's constant and employees as a manager have had a terrible attitude about fixing it. If there were another one to go to instead, I would.
Went through the drive thru in a hurry to get my daughter to school, we found a hair in our food and was given the wrong drink. The manager on duty was very apologetic and gave me a refund. Even though I was disappointed with the hair in the food, we were treated very kindly and had no problem getting our money back
"I'll always come back here. The food's always right and the store and bathroom is always clean. Nobody bothers you. I even ate pizza here and the management didn't seem to care and it's a good place to eat and work. There aren't too many good McDonald's you can find a good plug in for your laptop but this one is awesome.

The staff is good and very helpful every time I go there. One day I was low on money but really had to eat. One of the guys who worked there gave me a break and upsized my drink as a courtesy. It was hot as $h&t outside and I had a longer lasting drink to curve the heat."
Actually an especially above average location.  Service and food are what should be expected.  Clean.  Restroom has hands free door opener.  Kids Play Place is especially nice.  Has modern play equipment, toddler area and interactive life size video game station.
So I gave this a 3, mainly because they always get my order right. The customer service is not always there. Its hit or miss. Please Beware! The drive-thru has a narrow turn, I've seen too many cars scrape up the side hitting the barrier at the first window. It doesn't look like you're that close, but I promise, just take a wide turn in the drive-thru
I can only speak to their breakfast as it's the only thing I've purchased there. Service is fast and the food is great.
"Best McDonald's around!
The people who work there are always super nice, the service is very good compared to other McDonald's in this area. And there are NOT any of those horrible self serve kiosks! Oh how I hate those things!!!
The restaurant is clean and we'll maintained.
This is my favorite!"
We love coming here. Tried the Shamrock Mcflurry and it was delicious!
Their employees needs to learn customer service.
Every once in awhile you just got to have a quarter pounder. Today it was a quarter pounder with fries and a Coke. So good. The Quarter Pounders are made with fresh meat now and you can really taste the difference. And everyone knows that McDonald's has the best Fountain Coke. They tested a couple of times per hour just to ensure the formula is Right. Plus, they have those nice fat straws that make for big sips. :-)
This Micky D's is pretty standard. The usual menu options, staff is quick and polite, they generally get your order right... However I am only giving 3 stars because they recently changed their hours and the location is only open until 11 PM daily. This used to be a reliable place for an extremely late night snack, but not anymore. Even the local Wendy's and Taco Bell are open later.
The food is fine. Service at the drive through is horrendous. Unprofessional and unhelpful.  It   s good that ther
Very unsatisfied. My husband and i came to this McDonalds it was locked and we had to used the drive thru and they told us they were accepting cash only. We ordered and they told us to pull around to the second window. We weren   t told our total. We weren   t given a receipt either and we were charged $25 for some late night driving home snacks. Coffe
We did dine in. But used the app to order the food and it was ready in a reasonable time. We also got to enjoy the AC and sit inside and eat.
I went there today with no cars in front of me in the drivethru.I ordered one large Sweet tea it took over 5 minutes for them to get. I should've have just went and got a fountain drink from 7eleven. This one is always slow.
I went to McDonalds this morning for breakfast and got charged for an extra sandwich so I asked for a refund. they refunded the cheaper sandwich which was not the wrong one and I pointed it out and they said I was wrong and they refunded the right one, I was like okay whatever. then they closed to door to fix my drink. they apologize for my inconvenience, smile and tell me to have a nice day, handing over my drink. I get to work and realize they literally only filled it halfway. I was nothing but polite. Petty does not look good on you McDonalds.
Third time in a row to get the hamburger happy meal with just ketchup only to have cheese added each time.  My child will not eat it if cheese has touched it. They have new toys for the kids however we keep getting toys that are 6 months old. Not a good location for the lack of service and food.
I went through the drive-thru and ordered 3 cheese burgers. I waited in line for like 10 minutes. I get to the window and they told me to park because my food wasn't ready. It wasn't even busy, so I didn't understand why it took so long to make 3 cheeseburgers. After waiting in my car for 10 more minutes, I went inside to get a refund since I had to go back to work and I just wasted 20 minutes waiting for food. As soon as I ask for a refund, one of the employees walks up with my food and hands it to me. I guess they forgot I was waiting on it? I will never come back to this location.
The Staff is very rude! Me and My friend were gonna order sonething over the phone. as we were waiting for someone to answer the phone, Me and My friend were telling Jokes to each other. My friend told me a joke and someone answered the phone. we didn   t  anyone was on the line so he kept telling me The joke. so about of No where THE MANAGER tells my friend    Stop prank calling here or I   m Gonna call the cops and send them to your house, I have Your Number     My friend tried to Tell the Manager that he didn   t know someone was on the line. but the Manager decides that he isn ½we calling this Place back unless the Manger apologizes for being rude!
I hate it when I point out a problem and the management tell me that that's the way its supposed to be.  I managed a McDonald's for many years.  I know better. I still order their food regularly all over the country.  I know better. The new manager has made things much better, but standards still slip back to the old ways when he's not here.
I usually defend fast food joints, even McDonalds. Not a very picky person. However this visit to this location was very disappointing. Defying all logic it took a very long time to get my food around noon on a Tuesday despite few cars. The employees were emotionless and seemed to be rushing you through, even though it still took a long time. And then to top it off they got my order wrong.
The Staff is very rude! Me and My friend were gonna order sonething over the phone. as we were waiting for someone to answer the phone, Me and My friend were telling Jokes to each other. I told my friend a joke as  someone answered the phone. we didn   t  hear anyone was on the line so I kept telling her the joke. so out of no where THE MANAGER tells me    Stop prank calling here or I   m Gonna call your house and call the police, I have Your Number    I then hung up. Of course we got mad. so my friend called them and asked for the Manager, He answered and She explained that he misunderstood us. but instead of listening to her, He tells her  ½
The food was McDonald's typical. I like the new design, but as many of them I've been to lately are, it was just filthy. I was there for over an hour and a half letting my kids eat and play and not once did I see anyone clean a table or anything off the floor. It would also be helpful for there to be napkins in the play area so you could clean up messes without leaving your kids or taking the whole crew with you.
They made a mistake on my order but I hadn't left the parking lot yet. I called them and told them and they gave me the correct sandwich right away. Great service!
"What makes this place 5 star to me is the Manager.......Nikko!

Nikko is super friendly, genuinely caring about HONEST customers and makes you wanna come back for some of his cheer.
Service is great here with seldom a mistake in the mornings when I come in.
Th"
This people always try to rush you on the drive through and even if you go inside store, there are always problems with food, last time I went over there I had 2 cold cheese burgers, had to wait for my wife's food and came the wrong way. If you want to eat bacon, tomato and onions good luck trying to find them in burgers, there are just 1 piece to none hahaha.
Places was small and overloaded, was given the wring drinks due to not having propper amounts of staff. The Terminals were all also down. One good thing the food was hot tastey and bathrooms were open
"Really frustrated with this location. I usually go to the location off of Beach street and order the same thing every time I go there. I know exactly how much my order should be. I stop here because I happened to be closer to this location than to my normal one and order my usual. 2 McDoubles. I had just enough change in my wallet to pay for my order. Or so I thought. Instead of paying $1.50  2 + .25 = $3.25, I was charged $1.99 for ONE Mcdouble. It may not seem like much, but to someone who is on the go and on a budget I expect ome of the biggest fast food chains to at the very least be consistent with their prices. I wonder how much I've over paid at this location in the past!
What made me most upset was that I didnt recieve a receipt for my order. So in order to determine why I paid $2.15 after tax for ONE Mcdouble, I went inside to the self ordering in the lobby and looked it up myself. I dont appreciate not being told my total at the speaker, not beinzing I didnt even receive one to begin with when I pulled forward from the pick up window. It should be standard procedure to give a receipt for the sake of the overpaying customers."
Food was good. Everything was right, but they never have any of the toys offered on the mconalds preorder app exept for what they call inisex, which is really just for boys, and were very short with me and rude when i asked for a proper toy for my little 2 yr old daughter. She is obviously not into a avengers.
I've ubered and ordered at this particular McDonald's and I've always had a positive experience. They don't ignore you and they actually get to their customers in the order that they are in. Great team up there and positive work attitude!
Who doesn't love McDonalds fries... quick service it always fast not really a long wait... Mmmmmm fries.....
Love this spot. Convenient location right off of major highways, food is prepared properly, drive-thru turns over quickly, coffee is delicious. No complaints. This is what every McDonald's should be like.
"Fast service, hot fries fresh burgers. It's McD's. Somehow the food is fresher in our drive thru only world...

People at this one always are nice considering they need to deal with peeps like me that never know what they want. It's been the same basic menu for decades. LOL"
If I could give them no stars I would.. they have been messing up my order for year's. Remodel didn't help nothing,  still sucks. I've complained to a district manager,  don't help. I've had 1 nice manager,  but she still got my order wrong... I swear at one point I thought I was on boiling point, or there was a hidden camera. Cuz they got my order wrong 3x's in s row... this place is A JOKE....
It's a pretty nice McDonald's. Not highest quality of food of course cuz it's fast food but I like the fries and getting deals. I've tried the mobile order a few times too and it's cool how they bring it to you and feels like there's less wait.
This restaurant had an nice increase in customer service once new management took over (at least I think it was new MGMT), and a remodel. Now, however, they seem to be sliding back into giving constant wrong orders, not giving there sauces that they make you ask for (don't forget to ask for ketchup at the window, since they don't seem to want to take that part at the speaker).  We are back into driving to the Southlake location to give them it money since they rarely get our order wrong.  Thankfully, we don't eat McDonald's that often anymore, otherwise this review would be lower
Got the buttermilk chicken sandwich and not even sure if there was chicken. Bit untonit and had a cold grey semi solid mass caked in flavorless breading. Fries were soggy and unappealing. Usually no matter what Mcds you go to you expect some consistancy, with this one in Roanoke you can expect consistent bad food. Stay clear of this place. Staff definitely doesn't care and to say the food is subpar would be a compliment.
If you don't know what you're getting into when you go to a McDonald's, you're probably coloring more often than reading. My Sprite tasted EXACTLY like Sprite.
"They watered their parking lot with a poorly-engineered irrigation syztem right before days of hard freeze,let everyone skate through the ice for a day before closing during the majority of the freeze when everyone needed a hot meal.
Whataburger stayed open and served a limited menu to support Roanoke."
"This McDonalds sucks. They recently had a remodel which means the inside is nice and they have the fancy double drive-thru, but unfortunately the remodel could not fix the main issue with this McDonalds: The management.

The management is either not training employees properly or teaching them to bend the rules to keep a good drive-thru timer, because you will always have to pull up at this McD's. Always. Even for perfectly reasonable orders at perfectly reasonable times (1 burger + fry at 3pm = pull up next to the 3-4 other cars already there).

The one manager I've had the displeasure of dealing with was rude as well. I had to go back due to them forgetting several items on an order (that I had to pull up and wait for more than 5 minutes for, no less) and decided I just wanted it refunded to my card. The manager was rude about refusing to put it back on the card and insisting on giving me cash. The best part? He made me pull up to get the cash.

So again: Mis-managed, terrible McDonalds. It's a franchise for a reason, this one just stinks."
"Honestly, I hate to do this, but the moment I walked in, it smelled like a porta potty... and I was like ""let me just order"" I ordered 2 hot and spicy's NO LETTUCE, a large drink and a large fry. The Coke was ok, the fries like always (not full but fresh) and I got one sandwich with lettuce and one without. I told the kid in the front ""this sandwich has lettuce one it"" which prompted him to tell the guy and girl at the grill to please fix it... they shrugged their shoulders and pointed at the monitor and said ""well it only says one sandwich no lettuce...""

I mean come on guys. The kid at the register made an honest mistake and instead of going back and forth with him, just fix the dang sand which! Don't sit there and argue. So the guy in the back snatched the sand which and threw it! At that point I asked for a refund.. little did they know, I speak Spanish. So when the assistant manager asked me what happened I explained to her and she let out this LOOOONNGG sigh... so sorry I am an inconvenience to you, but if you were to train your team members some customer service this wouldn't have been an issue. Jesus, the kid at the register was really nice and well mannered. He gets a 5 star. But my experience was just horrible."
They seemed overwhelmed at lunch in Drive thru. Very slow. Then when at window was asked to pull forward when simply ordering a number 2 with nothing special added? Seriously, a quarter pounder takes extra time to make? Now I remember why I dislike McDonalds.
Don't use the app & have your husband pick up unless he takes your device because they won't give you the food you've ordered AND paid for!! Never had a problem at this store until now. THUMBS DOWN ON THE MCDS APP AND MANAGEMENT!!!
It's McDonald's.  Double drive thru. Good service.  McDonald's menu. Nice triple window different way to service when busy seems to speed things up. So if your racing 114 to work. Its a block through the parking lot or South down 377 (mess in traffic) if heavy use the parking lot entrance to the same menu you see coast to coast and around the globe.
I come here every morning for breakfast on my way to work. Ever since they got the "Angry Bird eyebrows chick" workin the drive through my order is always wrong. Not a little wrong like very wrong! Today was a simple order of a Coke and a sausage biscuit with strawberry jam. But she trys to give me a Frappuccino. Then after I clarify what I ordered again I get a Dr pepper instead of a Coke and then grape instead of strawberry. This is a everyday occurrence when she is working the drive-thru window. I even have talked to the shift manger and he laughed it off. I cant wait for the new Mc Ds to open on 114 and 35!!
I wouldn't normally write a review, especially for a McDonalds that I go to often, but recently I have been going through the drive through and have seen a man that has twice as much enthusiasm as anybody else working there. I believe his name is Brandon, but every time I go he always seems to brighten my day.
Crazy manager at this McDonald's abusing customers. I've never been to McDonald's THAT HAS YOUNG latin Manger yelling at customer. I was surprised as he hanging out the drive-thru window and people just driving away.
God is love, but this McDonald don't have love. Manager are rude and not professional. I order my food instead of her thanking me I thank her.  That's something Jesus will do. I will pray for her tho. I just don't think it's a place to relax and enjoy your family time.
Absolute worst service. The manager has no control over her employees. Absolutely rude and unprofessional.
This place is the worst.  It smelled like manure.  I had to go to the counter like 3 times before the order was complete. Cold fries and burnt apple pies. I didnt like this olace at all.  Next birthday for my grandson will be somewhere else.
Some people still swear that McDonald's has the best coffee. It's not my personal favorite, but it's good and inexpensive. Discounts for seniors. Love the value meal selections too.
Very clean lobby and facility. Coffee was fresh. Service was quick.
The kiddos love to stop by and play in the play places.  This location has a bathroom in the play area which is awesome for the potty training years.  The resturant and play area was very clean and staff was around every so often to check on the cleaniness.  This is one of our favorite locations to visit.
Classic fast food with addictive french fries. Burgers are prepared and cooked the same across the US. Consistency and quality are worth each visit.
Very disappointed with this McDonald's! I ordered a crispy buttermilk chicken sandwich meal and supersize my order when I drove uo to the window I paid my total and then I sat there waiting for about 5 minutes so I said to myself maybe they're cooking a fresh chicken so I didn't mind the wait. Well when I got home I took the first bite on the sandwich and let me tell you THAT CHICKEN HAD BEEN SEATING ON THE HEAT PAN FOR A VERY LONG TIME BECAUSE IT WAS LITERALLY HARD LIKE A ROCK AND IT WAS NOT JUICY AT ALL IT WAS VERY DRY! and then the fries that I got were overcooked every single one of them were burnt!
This is the worst McDonald's I've ever been to. I've tried it several times, mostly because it's on the way to my work...but after today, honestly, I'd rather skip breakfast all together. I got a completely soggy hash brown, soggy all the way around. I got a small caramel frappe with a shot of espresso. They put the espresso on the bottom and just poured the Frappe on top, so all I got was espresso when I first tried it. To add insult to injury, they put it in a small cup and dumped the rest out (it should have been in a medium cup). I worked at a McDonald's for over 2 years and this one does not follow procedures at all
Always enjoy this McDonald's and I am not a fan of the food. The food is hot and correct majority of the time. The play area is great and staff is friendly. Keep up the good work.
They were wicked fast and very friendly! I had actually stopped going to any McDonalds because of bad experiences elsewhere with really dry nuggets. Did not regret getting food there today.
Always fast, their food always tastes much more delicious than other mcdonalds.
The food was fresh, but of course it should be during lunch hour, the staff couldnt keep up with the flow of customers coming in. They handed me the wrong order which had a triple cheeseburger on it (which i ate with no regret) instead of the two cheeseburger meal i ordered.
I used to go to this McDonald's every morning for breakfast. The customer service has gone to hell and they haven't gotten my order correct in the drive thru for 8 days in a row. No one speaks English well enough to complain, they just look at you and smile.
This McDonald's screws up 96% of the time! Tonight was the last straw. My husband ordered 2 large fries, 2 PLAIN McChickens, and 2 large drinks.....The drinks were great.....the rest was not even what he ordered and OLD. In the bag was a fillet o fish (which to my surprise was the only fresh thing), 2 medium 5 year old fries, and 2- 10 year old cheeseburgers...seriously, the cheeseburgers were so old the cheese was crusting. Where is the quality????? They don't care if people are upset and/or get food poisoning?? Granted my husband should have checked the bag before leaving, but he didn't think to (not surprised). I was definitely upset the order was wrong and said whatever and we were going to eat it because we basically got smaller fries, but an extra sandwich, but those CHEESEBURGERS were so horrendous that whoever put that order together should be fired because it was just wrong..meat and cheese was well past shelf life and the pics I upload will show it. Way to go McDonald's for providing POOR SERVICE yet again.
Urger buns taxted stale. Fries were little more than broken potato sticks. Absolutely terrible location!
Clean play area for children, minimal staff but working hard. I asked for veggie sandwhich because I am a vegitarian, i said "lettuce, tomatoes, cheese, onion stuff like that" but my sandwhich came out with pickles and cheese. :0( they took it back put a tomatoe and 1 peace of lettuce on it. I wish McDonalds had a nice big veggie sandwich to fill me up.
"I just want to say
1. MCDonalds does NOT take phone orders!also you would not believe the amount of prank calls they get a night
2. There hasn ½"
It's insane how McDonald's now announces there burgers are now real beef. Hmmm big problems have now surfaced with child obesity.  Their food is good but usually your order will be wrong or short of something.  Bring on the robots. Starting with Corporate
First time in a long time that I have been to McDonald's and the staff actually treated me like they appreciated my being a customer. I took off 1 star because they were stingy with the mayo on my hamburger.
They were closed on new year's eve and there was no sign put out. The Google hours showed open, couple of cars pulled up the drive through but no response and lights were on like they were in there.
Ew omg, the coke is so disgusting, it does not taste like coke, it taste so disgusting, and they take their time like i don't have a 30 minute lunch  
Took my 3 year old here to eat and play in the play place. There was a homeless man sitting in there with his no socks or shoes on. Multiple employees walked by him without saying anything
What's with the weak coffee?! The McDonald's coffee usually has a great flavor, this morning its like dirty warm water, weak and diluted! During breakfast lunch, unacceptable!
I've never had a good experience with any McDonald's I've ever been to, so I usually avoid McD if possible.  My only visit to this McDonald's in Roanoke messed up my order.  I had ordered 2 hamburgers with no mustard, fries and drink.  I get home only to discover that the hamburgers did not have ketchup and onions, but were instead covered in mustard.  Won't be back.
They are doing a remodel for the lobby. But the drive through was open. Associate was very nice and we had a nice conversation while waiting on the food.
They have big macs :) but no all day breakfast :(... mobile app works well though, make sure you activate the order when u arrive "I'M HERE" or no one will know what you're talking about
Drive thru lady is awful. The service was horrible
Girl taking orders in the drive through didn't listen very well. Asked for 2 hashbrowns it was never added to my order. I said it 3 times.
Today they see me inside waiting for orden and no body attend me today 7/22/21 time 6:27 am they look at me 3 time and don't ask can I help you..and the male manager he see me and ignore me..I like this mcdonal I'm the truck driver I coming every day but this male is not good..and  I left with hungry..!!!
This is the second time I've been to this McDonald's and waited longer than 10 minutes with no service. Went at 2pm no one in line no one in drive thru. #poorservice #lazystaff don't even realize they being photographed while sitting at their table
It's pretty much just a McDonald's. The woman at the window was friendly, but my order was incorrect the first time around and although they did fix it it took a bit more time than i would've liked.
Very dissappointed today. Sunday breakfast, understaffed, very very slow service. Customers had to ask for utensils, cream, etc with every order. Staff seemed to suffer from inadequate training and nobody seemed to be hustling.
THE STAFF WAS KIND AND COURTEOUS. THEY QUICKLY CORRECTED MY ORDER WHEN I RECEIVED IT WITHOUT KETCHUP OR BBQ SAUCE
Ordered a Big Mac with bacon didn't get the bacon on it. Fries were cold. And the gentleman inside was spitting in the trash can ill never go back again
You are sure of a good meal every time! Had a great brunch there today.
Awesome vanilla cones!!
My over 20 year experience with McDonald's Restaurants in this area (Southlake, Grapevine, Keller, Northlake, and north FW) This one is by far the best one. I have been eating food regularly from this Roanoke McDonald's for a little over a year now.  This is the only place that makes the Big Mac the way I remember it as a kid. I do not post reviews often at all. I am making this one because of my experiences at all of the area McDonalds. If you decide to eat McDonald's, go to this one.
That was the best quarter pounder I've had in years! .for real! Every once in awhile it's great. I would have taken a picture...but I wasn't thinking. Picture perfect
The ladies restroom smell horrible. Moldy and mildew-y smell. Very very strong smell that I could smell through my mask.
This location had me pull up to a number lane and wait for my food and NEVER CAME with it!! wth!!
Charged me for someone else who already drove offs meal. Then got my order wrong. Spent 20 minutes for fast food in the drive thru
Order some food and they forgot to give me , my Cheeseburgers... I always check the bag before I leave. I told them and the girl said it was in there...I told her you want to come and check...
Ate inside,  food was fine and order was correct.    Overall was a good visit.    Just wish was a little cleaner of a restaurant.
The service at this McDonald's is always spotty, this time they made my iced latte a hot latte not a big deal but they consistently mess up the orders and I love McDonalds in general
We go to this McDonalds because they had a really cool electronic board that the kids could play on it was interactive and very neat well for the last five times they tell us the board is broke.. we only get a drink there I'm so we only go to for the play area and since it's broke my son has been very sad
I think this place is under new management. I had a quarter pounder and it was really good and made right. Friendly service and very clean.
Great neighborhood McD. It's not open 24/7, but has enough friendly staff to keep its drive through going while quickly serving your order if you're inside.
17 minutes in the drive thru. . . ..just wow.. had the order incorrect at the pay window. . .food was extremely hot so that was nice.
Unfortunately they got my order wrong, but I still gave 4 stars bevause the employees are always so nice and friendly.
Good food,friendly service and pretty quick as well
It's ok food wise mostly I've had few issue with my coffee so I don't get coffee anymore there but the workers are very attentive and nice..
Guys just to let you know. I hate McDonald's!.... I just keep coming back and knowing that's its killing me. What I'm trying to say is that im addicted and I cant stop eating. I eat because I'm unhappy and I'm unhappy cause I eat. Lol 5 star
Clean and good service. The only problem is the drive through window always open because the busy order during morning, flies get in easily.
Came here for McDonald's, was not disappointed.... Loved the arches, some lady hit the curb behind me, kinda funny. Food and service were great.
The manager did not have all the equipment working the order was messed up and they did not have the option to do Google or Apple pay or take credit cards or scan anything on the McDonald's app.
Twice I ordered the quarter pounder deluxe meal and when I get back to work to eat, no lettuce and tomatoes.  Come on!!
Iced mocha is awesome they make it just right  
It's a McDonald's- standard to a fault.  Has a pretty clean interior but not a lot of booth seating.  The food is what you would expect from McDonald's
I walk into the store in Roanoke TX and the employee is sitting on the counter and leaning on the cups with his but touching them I wonder where else he's been sitting at maybe where the food is made.
good for when ya need it.. that new spicy chicken sandy  ½ï
"There worse ! Wet lettuce  or dead.
Fries or nasty burnt dried up 5.00 Sunday Sept 25.  Made attempt  to call management  but kept  hanging  up there phone. This restaurant  needs to shut down."
Good drive thru setup. Orders have been correct every time.
Manager waited on lacked enthusiasm. Team member stocking lids napkins and straws didn't bother stepping aside for customers to get their articles needed.
They get the order right, the good is always hot.  The kids enjoy the play place and the whole place is clean.
How do you miss a patty on a big mac? -_- First time going there too.
Horrible customer service. Manager is a very unhappy person who obviously does not want to be there.
I used the drive through to order food before going to work. Service was a little slower than usual, but food was hot.
Flavorless grease bombs. This chain in general has gone down hill in a big way.
Rude on the drive thru speaker and at the window the only postive was the person who  gave me my food. She was very kind and polite to me.
"Best mc Donalds EVA!!!
they made for me fresh coffee (super quick) , and the cookies were just baked, you made my night guys!"
Sat in the drive thru for about 15 to 20 min because they were very busy and still got very cold food. Took the fries back. Very disappointed.
Took my nephew to play & eat. First one ive been to with a working interactive floor projection game. Suited my needs
I was told to pull forward and park so I did and I waited for 30 minutes and when I went in to ask about my food they said they forgot about me. I got a refund and left.
Not a big fan of McDonald's but I do love their fries and cheeseburgers!
The staff is rude. My orders are seldom correct. Management is indignant when you call with an issue.
This is a McDonald's so the food is normal and good I liked the service here and would come again
I only eat at this specific location when I don   t have time to travel elsewhere. The McDonalds at Newark Penn Station AND Broad & Market street got way better service than this one. No one speaks English, so there ½
Extremely busy Friday night and everybody was busting their butt working so hard. This needs to be acknowledged. They have earned more than five stars. Great job, everyone.
"Every single time I order on Uber eats or DoorDash or even go to the Drive thru, part of my order is missing. I call to speak to the manager and all I get is attitude. This is an issue as not always do these delivery app   s refund you.  Or to drive back isn   t something you can always do.

As someone who was manager at one of the top McDonald   "
It sucks because this place does have good staff, but there   s also staff that just doesn   t care. I ordered an iced caramel frapuccino in the drive thru, they asked me to park and had someone bring a hot frappe. I told the woman it should   v
They had no remorse for people person like me and decentcy come with more smell with people like homelessness in mcds these days we needed help. Tamn I hated with all passion . I better off save my cash.shes
they stole my car I went in forgot my wallet went back to the car to get the had booted and towed it that wanting of burger and drink and mc chicken with cheese cost me 840 plus a damage tire and bumper not to mention my engine is now making a noise like the car was towing by the mount total cost of repair in the 1000's whatever you do dont go there there is white castle across from  them never had my car stolen by a mcdonalds before they ruin my birthday plans and damage m ride and cost me my paychecks and ruin mothers day I will be suing say you self go somewhere else
Avoid this place at all cost. I ordered a double hamburger (with onions, pickles, ketchup and mustard), but received a single patty hamburger (with onions, pickles and ketchup). When I called the store to inquire about this issue, the person on the phone insist us to return to the store for a replacement. It   s a 30 minutes trip for us. We obviously did not r
Ordered a 4pcs chicken nugget happy meal for my daughter. Drive thru worker never asked if I wanted chocolate milk or apple juice and never asked what kind of sauce I wanted for the nuggets. Smh! I'm sorry but a kids happy meal shouldn't cost no more than 5 dollars not no 7 dollars! Smh twice
i came here at 1:06am after i had gotten off work, google says they close at 2am so it was plenty of time before they    closed   . I went through the drive through and nobody responded so i pulled up to both windows and was ignored by three different people. Two women just sat there 
They always mess up orders or give you the wrong order.  Many times the orders or not like instructed. Not too happy with this place!
They did not give me my complete order, I made 3 order  of chicken deluxe and my order was missing fries whet back to made a complain and they were yelling at me and husband, this is not fear to the customer. People should be aware  of this  Mcdonald at Broadway and check their food properly before they leave drive thru. Those staff there are thief.
"There was an excruciating 15 minute wait time for two simple breakfast sandwiches, and the place was empty. When checked, the sandwiches were actually missing the cheese.
While waiting, some filthy guy was exchanging $80 in singles for twenties. After he got done with his banking transaction, he actually spun around and walked right into me- talk about the bum rush!!
The true danger here, though, is when you try to enter. There is a welcome sign at the curb directing cars to enter into a single lane driveway where the drive-thru actually exits. A head-on collision waiting to happen.
Stay far away from this place."
Good price clean and good services
Very bad service, I don't recommend to go there. 30 minutes waiting for a order and nobody say nothing.
I ordered a Big Mac meal sized medium and a 10 pc; I got a double cheeseburger and actually 5 McNuggets. Got robbed for nearly 10 dollars. Never again.
They are very rude and have no respect for people they yell at you like you did something wrong then the make you wait for your order then they get the order wrong and the best part nobody there speaks any English burger King for me
Terrible service through the drive by. They threw out food into the bag and it isn't the first time. I use to come here alot as a kid, but growing up it got worse. I hope their employees can have better customer service. And don't throw food everywhere.
It's McDonald's! One of the most ratchetest places you can visit for fast food
Customer service is the worst! So unprofessional every time. Lunch menu is up and when I asked for a kids meal they said they only had breakfast! And their excuse was that the menu change by itself! They don   t give you your complete order all the time (always missing something)they rushed
Sun Dec 11, 2022 at 5: 30am, went to pick up a order lady was being very rude telling me to get out of her drive thru when all I said was I have a order to pick. Very unprofessional.
"The worst. Attitudes. Cold fries..twice!!!! The clerk gave the cleaning guy my order in the middle of him sweeping the floor, to bring to my car. Unsanitary!!!
2nd time....the order was still wrong.
Food wasn't good at all. Won't be going back."
Incorrect hours!!!  I arrived at 5:52 in the morning and was informed that they still closed
Horrible service from the night shift manager .!! I would also love to speak to a distric manager.!
As a frequent customer of this McDonald   s I am furious that you have your workers working under a heat wave with no type of air conditioning. I walked in to order with my kids and had to take my order to the car and eat in car which was very uncomfortable with 4 kids bet way better than eating in a place where it was difficult to breath. If you treat your employees like this than this is the reason your customer service in this locate is poor. As a franchise you shouldn   t be involved in this type of business never the less in any type of customer service business. I will not be returning to this location as my money is worth more to other busine
The time I was there very busy. I ordered the a new cheese cake, so I had to wait. I didn't  have  to wait to long. A associate brought it to the car.
"Number of times we've ordered from this McDonalds: 3
Number of times they've gotten the order right: 0

It cannot be spelled out any clearer. ""Quarter pounder. Absolutely nothing on it. No cheese. Just the meat and the bun."" It is so simple. Under normal circumstances I would stick around for them to get it right. But they have a steady supply of drugged out homeless people begging for money right there in the drive through line, so running that gauntlet a second time is downright dangerous.

So I get home to see if i can salvage this order. Pull the bun all the way off to start scraping fake cheese off of it. The stale, burned bun breaks (picture). I successfully scrape the cheese product off the top only to find there's another slice of fake cheese underneath the patty as well.

I give up. #FightFor15, indeed"
"One the worst service I ever had.by having so many stuff.. by18:25pm 6th Thursday waiting for ever food... unorganized stuff and manger.
I left with taking my food. Couldn "
Extremely rude and attitude for absolutely no reason. My boyfriend and I mobile ordered and once we got home, realized they forgot to give us one of our sandwiches that we ordered. My boyfriend called and the lady who answered responded with    y   all didn   t bother to check the b
Extremely frantic McDonald   s for no reason. They make people park instead of waiting at the drive thru. The line is minimal and happens at every single fast food place you can th
This place is terrible managers have the worst attitudes. I was there around 9 getting food w my mom when she asked the lady to give Us barbecue and ketchup and then she said oh no ketchup and buffalo and the lady aka the manager goes     don   t start with a attitude which one is it    nobody was giving  attitude but her. Most deff should Quit  if she doesnï¿½ï¿½
Very tasty and very unhealthy. Perfect for weight gain and problems with digestion system. Still worth it. Try Double Quater Pounder Cheese, it was amazing.
Mediocre service at this location. Huge language barrier as most staff are not fluent in English (nothing against them for this) but they do give very poor service
This location sucks! They do one thing right   mess up your order! Get all the way home to find out there is food missing and the f
I went through one of the drive thru lanes last night, and waited for about 15 minutes as they only took orders from the other lane. I was not able to back up my car, so I went forward to ask what was up. When I got to the only window open, they said they were only taking orders from one side. I suggested they put up a sign, and asked if could take my order at the window, they said I would have to go through the drive thru again. I am not going here anymore for this, in addition to the times they got my order wrong.
Young man at the order pick up was so unproffesional, direspecfull, .  The  Manager a lady was just  laughing while the young employ ½e was direspecting me today.  racial motives.. Anyway!! I didnt  know what was funny to that manager!!  Security even came but wasn't able to do something.. The store employe (young man) was obviously trying to escalate the situation.
This Mc Donald   s is ran poorly. The management is nasty and they ignore paying customers. They leave the register to a guy that also has to take both in store and drive way orders. The fries sit out all day. I came home to cold frozen
OMG!!!  Last time I order 3 double cheeseburger  they look like they were sitting there for hours. So this time I ask the girl that I want my burgers fresh so they come up with the brilliant idea of putting the burgers and the fries in the microwave so they would be nice hot and fresh
This place is not good at all the manager Had an attitude when I went with my mom and a few friends we ordered our milkshakes and fries and when my mom   s friend asked for barbecue sauce and ketchup she realized that she wanted ketchup and buffalo sauce so she asked the manager and the manager said and I quote     Which one is it   . Then my mom   s friend looked up and said buffalo and ketchup I guess
McDonald's is the worst food you can feed to your kids and for yourself the burger     bun so hard it Crack your teeth by the time you get to your car the food is cold     and McDonald's has the same menu from the 80s and 90s you better off cooking at home and with this inflation nobody has money  
This McDonald's is just wow. Some days you get good food the majority of times is just bad food. I ordered a big mac meal from them. When i got it the bread was old hard like it's been sitting there forever. The nuggets were old. Awful customer service. The majority of staff are pretty much children. There's no type of discipline or order in this place. If you don't like your job just quit it's that simple. But we're paying alot of money for service like this that's just obserred. This place needs new staffing management everything.
Newark  Penn station It's a rough atmosphere to work in at least is the not square it's not that bad not great it's not 5 star restaurants but the people treated with
This restaurant is terrible !!! They are always messing up my orders all the time. They always forget certain items and they also have sent me the wrong order plenty of times as well and as of matter of fact they just messed up my order again today ! this place is horrible do not go here I wouldn ½ï
"My children find a dead mouse. I requested to speak with the supervisor.....made her aware of the situation.....She HAD THE NERVE TO TELL ME THAT SOMEONE (IMPLYING MAYBE ONE OF MY KIDS) MUST HAVE JUST PUT IT THERE.
***YES, we had already eaten the food.....if not.....I would have requested a FULL REFUND***"
school kids can   t go in before 5:30 and they lock the doors on us. They act like we 
Ordered through Grubhub and they didn   t double check order and didn   t add 3/4 chicken nuggets to our order! They ½ï
The "security guard " is extremely rude and he's always threatening people. And harassing the costumers. Horrible costumer service. If you're not happy with your job just say that.There's not even one person with professionalism in this establishment! Avoid this McDonald's. It's the worst
I did not have a positive experience at  all its pretty sad i paid 10 bucks for food and got a back full of sauce and cookies and i keep calling them no answer i will complain to the head since manager doesnt know how to answer the phone sad.
What can I say? Buy extra fries before bringing your kids their meals. By the time you get home..you have devoured all the fries!!  
If you're turning left into the parking lot, it's a pain due to traffic blocking entrance. Employee at drive thru asked us to pull over to the side to wait for our order but since there was already a car there, she said we need to go to the otherside.. that means we have to pull out and turn back in. It was already a pain to get in the first place and now we have to do it again? My husband refused and said we'll just wait right there at the window. Need to come up with a better system than that! Other than that ordeal, our food was hot, fries were fresh. They failed to put tartar sauce on my kids filet o fish sandwich though.
Worst McDonalds I   ve ever had en experience with. I placed an uber eats order and i only had gotten my drinks. I did not get ANY of the food i ordered, not to mention i had a big order. I was missing 2 double cheeseburgers, 2 cheeseburgers, 2 fries and 13 tote cookies. I call the location to try to see what happened to my food and they kept putting me in hold, saying that they both checked my order and that everything was in the bag, did not try to help me at all and said and i quote     my manager on the floor said they checked everything and that everything is in the bag    I was in disbelief that they wouldn   t even try to do anyt
This place is horrible! I walk in to get an order and they keep walking back and forth in front of me without asking me if I needed help. I ask someone if they could take my order and she ask the other cashier to take my order the other cashier totally ignored me. If they don   t want to take care of walk in customer then they should close the lobby I had to walk aw
One of the worst with service. I ordered a ice latte through the app for pickup. So I go inside I wait at pickup. Drink isnt ready and other people are waiting also. I mentioned to the solo employee I had a pickup order. She says ok then goes off to make other peoples meals. So I try to be patient stood there for like 20min and never received my drink. They never canceled my drink I left and was still charged for it. Also they never sent the 1 cashier who was struggling by herself no help.
That's just the worst McDonald's I have been to They have a lady there working at the  Drive-through window who have a real bad attitude And she also speak with bad languages She curses to my wife and also curses to all the people who went through the drive-through I did not see her name what she's the one taking the orders late at night You must have been 11 o'clock PM When we went to McDonald's but I will never in my life go back to that place to spend my  My hard working money
"They didn't take the order properly.  I ordered a cheeseburger meal with coffee. When I got to the pickup window they'd placed the order as coffee and cheeseburger only.  When I asked for the corrected order and was preparing to pay the difference they tried to charge me DOUBLE THE PRICE OF THE ORIGINAL MEAL.  AND ASKED ME TO PAY A TOTAL OF $8.00 and change.  I asked for the manager (Maria) who refused to give me her last name OR explain how adding fries fir a combo would cost me double the price of the entire order....

This store needs to be audited for poor customer service."
Says it ½
"Fries- soggy most of the time
Soda- gets bad constantly (Gave me seltzer water instead of soda)
Sandwiches- not bad except that they   re dry sometimes.
Customer service-    anything else?    After every single request instead of    would you care to try our new ___? ½"
A few days ago my boyfriend went to this mcdonald's to get us something to eat. I was excited, had just came home from a long day at work and was STARVING!!! Ready to eat, I took a bite, thought nothing of it, I then took another bite and look to see that I bit into a VERY PINK QUARTER POUNDER!!!!! So I grab my food, go to this mcdonald's and show them my burger was pink. They proceed to apologise and gave me a new one, I ask for gloves so I may examine this one. I do and find that this burger is pink as well, so now this is 2 pink burgers in total given to me. I tell them, they go ahead and apologize and gives me another... And yes, you guessed it, a third pink burger!!!!!! So at this point of course I am very much disgusted and appalled by their lack attentiveness of the food they are distributing to the point I ask another customer next to me if he had seen what I did.... I didn't want to feel as if I was picking but he agreed, he saw pink, so I finally asked for a refund and fresh fries and left. I will not support this mcdonald's again! IDK how to post pics, I don't see where I may be able to attach.
Only giving the 4th star for a good attitude at the window. Its a McDs so you know the drill supposed fast service friendly smile and hood food. Doesn't happen theses days but I am yet to have a server here that is rude, unconcerned, or uninterested in their job. They get it done efficiently and respectfully.
Always a bad experience here! The manager is so unprofessional and rude. I used to be a manager in McDonald   s and clearly wouldn   t argue with a customer about a free coffee because of a app problem. In
Rude asl and I work at fast food too. I   m only rude or give attitude when they give it to me first and that 
This place makes it so you arent hungry by the time you get your food, then your mad because you wasted your money. If you get all your food at that. The food doesn't taste right either. The Frappe machine was out so they offered water smh.
This place is absolutely delicious.The fries have a perfect amount of salt.The prices are very fair.Customers and employees very polite and sophisticated.This place should have the Kardashians swarming around.I mean it's boogie people good for cheap.
Hey McDonalds, please go back having the 2/dollar Apple pies. I miss those apple pies that you can reheat in the microwave and eat with vanilla ice cream. Please consider!!. At this location the driveway was long but fast. It was just the drivers was taking their time moving up. My order  was right, the workers was respectful.  Yes I will go again. The food was hotï¿½ï
My go to spot for my son and I to get our hash brown before he has class.
Terrible service, terrible food. I ordered from the drive thru and was given the complete wrong order. When I went inside to rectify the situation, people just stood around looking at me. They started to talk in spanish, which i understood but they didn   t think I did. So not only were they talking bad about me but they just decided that I wasn   t important enough to even address. I had to point out the fact that I was waiting to be served. So then th
Possibly the worst McDonald's on the planet. Can never get anything right and staff act as if there's nothing wrong.
I return my order to them because It was wrong order I see the cashier after she take the order from me she keep it to re-use it for another customer it was the big breakfast. She was supposed to throw it in the trash.
Service is abysmal, I'll rather get a root canal.
"No to all of that.
Always a long line. The kids working the drive thru are always in a bad mood. Orders get mixed up and the fries toddle between not being fresh to being freshly made in old oil... I will stop there..."
It's been a while that I haven't went to McDonald's and we had just came out from a bar and wanted to eat my sister wanted White Castle put in the order cuz we weren't sure McDonald's was open and she had a craving for a Big Mac so sorry White Castle but we left them went to McDonald's order and at 1:15 in the morning. One of the freshers big bags and Fries that I haven't had in a long time it hits the spot no regrets not going to White Castle and it was quick the order and to get the food it was worth the trip
Always forgetting something in your order make sure you check before you leave drive threw
If you   re not white, don 
worse service ever! They always get my order wrong or give you the incorrect item. One time I was at the 1st order Station for 15 minutes! The cars at the second order station was getting taken care of when I pulled up and asked for the manager she was very rude and said she wouldn't take my order because I wanted to know why cars that came after me was served first! That was not the first time... Please avoid this place and go to the one on heller parkway or Belleville , better service food is on time and correct and warm. Unlike this location that needs to hire more mature people and not you'd kids that are rude and always arguing .....
Couldn't get a simple order correct so had to wait.... Asked specifically for something still forgot it and had to go in and ask again.... And food was subpar McDonald's standards so that saying something it was at least cleaner than most also at this point saying something
No napkins? Make you wait at the other side of restaurant  for 10 mins from drive thru? Then have to go inside and ask for condiments and a straw? Get it together management is not run right!
The apple pies here were the worst. It was like biting into a regular apple. The only thing cooked was the outside. The inside was cold and the apples were hard. I went there 12/26/18 to get happy meals for my daughters and their fries were too hard to eat. I won't be going back there. I only went to reward the girls for cleaning their room and helping around the house for 2 weeks. (This was their choice of reward for good behavior)
Welcome to the worst McDonald in north Newark. I ordered a Big Mac meal and 10 PCs nuggets meal with both sprite; I received 10 PCs nuggets, 1 order of French fries, 4 triple cheeseburgers without (onions, pickles, mustard) and unsweetened tea
"With as much staff as was on hand there is no reason I should have waited longer than 30 minutes, but I did.
I was not happy with my order when I got it.
Nor was my body satisfied when it went down.
If you want to try this place knock yourself out!!!"
Literally the worst McDonalds ever . Food always cold.  Staff is all illegal and no help from them about asking about promotions always busy both inside and drive thru have plenty of workers but somehow always a long wait . Rude workers even if you call asking about promotions they always hang up . Even with all that said they still have the same stingy services with uber eats . Cold half cooked food go somewhere else save your money.
For the third day, I went to this McDonalds, which I frequently always come to this McDonalds, my daughter and my niece love McDonalds, so each time I place my order, I ask for a medium fries  with my additional order, and for the three days that I went, they were given me burnt fries.  I'm sorry but I paid a lot for my order to begin with, I'm not excepting burnt fries, especially three days in a row. Each time I asked for some new fries, and then they would give me good fries that were not burnt. Except for yesterday, I got my money back.  I ask the girl why was she giving me burnt fries, and her reply was that they didn't change the oil in which they cooked the fries in. The point is as a customer you don't have to keep excepting burnt fries, or anything that doesn't look right to you. You are already spending so much money to begin with ,to be getting burnt fries. Lately there's been lots of issues with this McDonalds, people have attitudes, don't have manners, they don't even say hi  or thank you for coming. I'll be taking my service elsewhere. No customer service.
Arguably one of the most incompetent branches of McDonald's that I've ever had the displeasure of going to. I spent 20 minutes waiting on a mobile order when I could have easily gone through the drive-thru and gotten it in 5. Absolutely ridiculous.
no experience I just couldn't wait to home I'm greedy
Their food taste like plastic. Very unsatisfied with them. They used to be good. But now it's like they don't care if the food is fresh or not.
Absolutely horrible! Not sure who the owner is but they should definitely get a new staff and get Mcdonald   s corporate to come in for training. The service is bad and so is the food. They give you what they want not what you pay for especially as it gets closer to closing time. Food should be available and fresh no matter how close it is to closing. Workers should understand that if they dont wanna work let somebody who wants to do the job. Not suprised at the amount of negative reviews but I am suprised that ownership and management does not take these reviews into consideration. Complete disgrace! Go a little further in bellevi
Fast. Convenient and friendly.. my orders are always correct and speedy drive thru service. Good friendly cashiers and managers. They even have an ordeing kiosk.
I   m so wrong to give even one star. But I have any option to give less . Today is 3/18/2019. At around 9 pm. I went to pick up the delivery from this place from drive thru,  Because it was close upon the governor order, and I was in urgent situation to use the bathroom but unfortunately no one of the people working there has any kind of human beings. They refused to allow to 
literally the WORST Mcdonald   s I   ve ever visited . they   re so lucky you can   t give zero stars . i just came from the location and a guy in front of me waited for 15 mins for a small coffee . then it took them forever to take my order . once i received my food , i asked for a sauce and she told me no because i didn ½ï
Sorry what i have to said,but this place always is a mess. Everytime you going to this restaurant have to wait a lot for your food,just because the employes always been around they place of work talk like they are on the street,in ocasion i hear said bad word when the costumer been inside the store,honestly they need better cordination at the time of work.
My experience here at the McDonald   s in Newark is ok the place is decent the restaurant is really clean and the vibe is new and updated I got the new shamrock shake McFlurry with Oreos it was very sweet but it was still very good the employees is ok but my on
Sat at the drive thru for 10 minutes. Called TWICE to ask if they are even open. Rudely told "uhh yea?" okay well HOW ABOUT YOU DO YOUR JOB? Pulled up to the window after 10 minute , THE LADY WON'T EVEN LOOK AT US, but starts helping drive thru customers. Hello??? Pulled off. Ghetto af.
Do not eat here! People handling food are not wearing their masks properly which are meant to cover their nose, mouth and or both. Went the other day and two people handling food just had their masks hanging under their chin not covering nose or mouth. Disgusting. Air particles going right onto food. What a shame! Made a complaint online with McDonalds and they sent me an automated response not even address my complaint properly. DO NOT EAT HERE for your own safety
Service at this McDonald   s is horrible...Don   t know how to greet customers nor answer with proper tones. I come here because close to home and no matter if i go inside or drive thru takes long to take order as well as prepare them. I asked are they not required to wear hairnets and was told NO. Being that I work in the food service industry I know it   s required by state law...However 
Order was wrong. Paid for 2 double hamburgers, received 2 single hamburgers. Drive-thru took forever despite being empty.
Gave one star cause i have to in order to post.  But this is by far the most ghetto'est McDonald's ever. I waited in drive thru for over 10mins while they kept taking the other driver thru since they're are 2 at this location... mind you they knew i was there cause they took my order then said to hide them a second and came back like 10mins later took my order again and said the same thing. Then in line forget it i waited another 15 plus minutes to pay and get my order. Im so disgusted, this store needs a whole overhaul.
Requested for caramel fappe, I waited for more than 20 mins still they couldn't make it. They are saying they dont have enough ice I should give them more minutes, but they are serving it to the drive thru customers. So I asked them to refund my money which they did. I will never patronize them again.
They're good when they want to be. Surprisingly their ice cream machine always works. No lettuce on the McChicken is my favorite quote
Worst location ever made me wait literally 20 mins for a small cappuccino
NO SAUCE GIVEN!!! I ordered two bts meals and other things and extra bbq sauce but NOT ONE sauce was given. No cajun, sweet chili, or bbq. Had to eat the meals plain. :(
The service is slow. Order anything more complex than a cheeseburger and you are sent to the side to wait for your order. On top of that your order is often wrong so always check.
I   ve never had such a bad experience in any McDonald and this one because of the unprofessional employees I left without buying food.... just because I wanted to use the  restroom first. The lady that seem to be the manager was so rude to me and all the customers looked uncomfortable
Disgusting place, burgers always cold, they will literally give you only 1 sauce even if you paid for more, staff is LAZY always talking and joking constantly instead of taking orders or making orders they will leave you there waiting and having a full blown conversation instead of helping. Literally the worst and grossest McDonald's I have ever been to doesnt even deserve 1 star.
This place has rude service & managers that cannot handle situations. I ordered egg whites thru drive thru & they only gave me a piece bread with bacon, then i returned & on the same sandwich they placed runny egg whites. When i bit into it, the runny stuff went all over my dress and i became sick. Needless to say unsatisfied customer & i threw away my sandwich, my money and my appetite. Thanks.ï¿½ï
Hot ass mess           ½
Never coming back here again! Associates not wearing mask handling food, only 5 people at a time. no sign that says only 5 people at a time inside.if I can give 0 stars I would.
They always for get to give you what you ordered at the drive through.  Not tell cashier but the attached two last window where they had you your order.  The staff often stands around joking or yelling at each other instead of servicing you.
Y   all are freaking slow I swear it   s like y   all heads are up your ass while at work if u don   t like you job quit I just went they drive thru and the girl at window seemed to have a
Service and the food here REALLY suck... I've been there a few times after work which is after midnight; and always end up kicking myself in the ankle for doing so... my order is NEVER complete; NEVER... chicken nuggets/no sauce, salad/no dressing, I'll pay for some cookies or apple pies; and nothing, not in the bag... and to add insult to injury; the food that does make it into the bag, seems like its been sitting around for hours...way to save a buck mickey dee's... skip this place if you can, trust me.
The workers there are not professional,i went in there to get my morning coffee and heard one of the girls using profanity and customes can over hear them, then the cashier told me to give her a second and she went to the drive through window and start taking customers at the window while there was already someone there handling the drive through customers, i stood at the cash register close to 20mins to place my order, then on another occasion i placed my order on the mobile app the young lady made my ice coffee and left it by the machine , another team member asked what i was waiting for i then told her my ice coffee the girl that made it told her im waiting on my ice coffee too 30mins later im still standing there without my coffee then the girl turned around and saw me standing there still then saw the coffee sitting there and eventually handed it to me, and note i was the only customer left in the McDonalds, other customers came in placed their order got their stuff and left a long time ago, im suggesting more training for these individuals working at this location. I have observed this for a while now and said nothing. I turn my head everytime i pass there now, if you're running late for work i suggest walking through the drive through you'll get your order more faster than going in.
Not good. Went thru drivethru and I order 4 sundaes and had to wait on the side when I saw my sundaes sitting on the counter. Those are the one they gave me half melted. I will never go there again. I threw them in the trash.
It's absurd how bad the service is here. I wouldn't recommend going through the drive through. They'll mess up your order and then make you wait a long time for it again. I'd say just ignore this McDonald's entirely but if you do come to this location, do yourself a favor. Park the car and order your meal inside the fast food restaurant. It'll be faster this way.
Really bad service.... Food was cold... And large fries wasn't even full.... Probably size of a medium... Have to do better
Every time i have gone there they have not listened and messed up my order. One of the worst mcdonald   s to go to here in newark other than the one in downtown (w
Their iced tea tasted like water with a splash of tea so it tasted disgusting. I ordered a meal and they forgot the fries. And lastly, the girl at the counter had the worst attitude problem like it was killing her to God forbid do her job. If you come here, make sure all of your stuff is in the bag because they just hate their jobs there obviously.
"**CHECK BEFORE LEAVING DRIVE THRU**
This place sucks always. The people on the intercom are arrogant and impolite. They always forget an item at the drive thru. Hate them but its the only place that is closest to me. The only reason i go there bcs my son just wants the happy meal so i have no choice."
The young lady working the driv thru this morning is sooo lucky im not the person i used to be just 7 years ago...besides the nasty attitude after her mistake the cashier proceeded to lie to the the useless manager Carla that looked almost terrified to address the situation ..karma young lady ...ill see you again
Its alright but after buying several honey buns they didn't even hand us coupons for honey buns like other McDonald's do.. drive thru is usually long.
worst location ever! EVERY SINGLE TIME they screw up my order - and the customer service sucks! They   r
Too much waiting seems like the staffs don't know how a fast food restaurant suppose to be run. On top of the wait they forget items that you pay for so make sure to ask for a receipt if something not right with this McDonalds please report it call and complain.
This place is very slow and always gets your order wrong! The food is fresh i must admit.
Extremly slow. They need to have a better service this is "fast food". Have been waiting too long to order. They are not bad but they need to move faster. Not the firts time i come here always lije that even when they dont have nobody inside.
Busy location but great customer service despite rude customers.
I go to mc Donald only drive through and my friend took me to Burger King and trust me they sell almost the same items but different  tastes...but really they both tastvgood.....
I've been here many times and they've never messed up my order, which is a better track record than most McDs I've frequented. Above average for a McDs, but they should work on keeping the fries fresher... often old, stale, and gross. Few things better than fresh McD fries, and few things worse than old ones.
Not Satisfied, after buying 3 Large orders of fries for $11.97 and was given large containers SERIOUSLY HALF FULL looking like Small or Medium sized fries. Very disappointed...
This place I really dont recomend it if you are looking a fast service, deliciuse Chickennuger, and Fries. I dont see Macdonal is do en the fries as before, soft, salty, and hot. Everytime we whent there to give more chances to the place my fiance always end with his stomach sick. When that happened for the third time I said, " Nop, we are not buy anymore in the Mcdonals, no icecream, chickennuger, or fries. Thank you for reading, this is Doll in a Restaurant. Shalom ï¿½ï
This place is nice, even though all of them (the McDonald   s chain) serve the same menu the service here is ki
Can not even 1 star it was a horrible experience do two employees service took me a half hour just in line waiting through the drive thru then I heard a voice come over the loudspeaker and says drive to the window when I go to drive through the window that was for cars in front of me and the line did not move the worst visit I had to McDonalds drive throw
i asked a lady to open the bathroom, and with a really bad attitude she said that it was only for customers, when I told her I WAS in fact a costumer, she replied with a    only for buying costumers    I responded 
It's my local McDonald's so I wish I could rate it higher especially considering they added modern stuff like the DIY menu boards and the 2nd drive thru lane. But what's the point of a second drive thru lane if your employees just ignore it like what happened tonight. Also while they have security inside the pan handlers in the drive thru lanes at night are out of control. Food wise things take a long time usually but it's your normal McDonald's type food except they don't salt their fries well.
Bad service long wait  employees are the worst
You can't  add tomatoes to your burger     ½
They never have what they supposed to their they always mess up never get nothing right I go there for Happy Meals they never have the toys that my kids want they always told me come back next week when the truck comes in the police I can read it below zero I would
"This McDonald's has always been bottom-of-the-barrel as far back as I can remember, and a sleek face-lift doesn't change the fact that a visit to this McDonald's will leave you with a bad taste in your mouth. The list of their offenses is too long to detail every one, so I'll compile a list:
1. Incorrect orders 50% of the time
2. Rude employees and managers
3. Customers who are loud, offensive, and downright violent
4. Poorly made, slapped-together food

And perhaps the most disgusting new violation is that recently they claim to have leased their parking lot to a private booting company, P.B.S. Parking Boot Service, and troll the parking lot for people who step off the property to boot them and demand $200 cash in exchange for the boot removal. It seems this McDonald's is doing everything to lose business. They thrive off of convenient location alone. Absolutely terrible experience."
Always rude people in the afternoons or evenings, no sense of respect for others. Overcooked old food is served late afternoons to early in the evening. Completly discusting. Overall not a good place. Needs myor improvement on employees.
They can't get Uber eats orders right this is the third and last time it will happen again. They completely forgot 4 medium fries .
All those renovations in appearance makes no difference if the staff is unprofessional and simply ghetto. Then again it is in Newark smh. I was not aware that this particular Mc Donald's was not a corporate store, honestly I wouldn't know how to differentiate one from the other. In any case to my understanding every Mc Donald's ran the same policy in regards to the food they sell, obviously. So when I go to get my coffee, everyone knows you are entitled for one free refill but to my surprise this Mc Donald's does not honor that. The person at the register who's name is Estella (mexican woman) was the one who took my order and made me feel real uncomfortable and awkward when I asked politely for my refill. There were others on line waiting to take their order and I feel like she deliberately embarrassed me. There was no need to make me feel degraded, at the end of the day I am a customer and I have no need to bring my business here. I should of took my business where I noramlly go which is the one located on Washington Ave, in Belleville. That just goes to show you how true the phrase is, "Never judge a book by it's cover"!
this place is suck!!!!!!!! i had a delivery of doordash which i had to place but they didnt accomodate with me!! they were like thats for belville nj store!!!!!!! it was very frustrating at 10pm. then i had to go for belville store then couldnt find out. then i went back to the same one and got the order.
Very rude staff nasty attitude  I understand  people not happy with their job  but that dobt give them the right to be nasty..
Every time I go I don't get what I ask  and the some employee are mean
If only I could give less than 1 star!!! I swore off McDonalds long ago however I happened to be with someone who stopped in so I decided to get a breakfast sandwich thinking it would be hard to go wrong with breakfast... I got food poisoning for the first time in my 29 years of LIFE. A quite unwelcome reminder to stay far away..
The worst McDonald   s I have been to. Waited at the pick up window for awhile to be served 
The day workers are very rude and disrespectful especially the girl who takes the order , I had the worst experience ever .
Prices are high, Apple pies were old and stale. They exchanged them but they were all so bad. So they baked new ones for me
This McDonald's is HORRIBLE. PERIOD. The food is always cold,fries soggy , nuggets soggy... And if you ask for sauce make sure you got it cause even if you paid the 50cent FEE you still might not have gotten it....
They are advertising the new crispy chicken sandwich meal for $6, yet lied twice, once saying it was a mobile order, which is a lie, I took a pic, second that it didn't start, so why advertise, so sad, worse customer service in Mcdonald's
The employees at this location are ridiculously lazy. It's 6pm and the drive-thru menu is still on the breakfast side. It shouldn't take more than 2 minutes to flip the menu over to the lunch side.
THIS PLACE IS A DISGRACE. THE WOMEN THAT WORK IN THIS PLACE ARE THE VERY LOW OF THE LOW. SERVICE IS SUPER SLOW, THE RESTAURANT IS SUPER DIRTY. AHH AND IF YOU GO IN THERE WITH YOU MAN KEEP HIM VERY CLOSE TO YOU, THIS WOMEN SPECIALLY THE MANAGER HER NAME IS GABRIELA WILL FLIRT WITH YOUR MAN GET HIS NUMBER AND YOU KNOW THE REST. THE WORST OF THE WORST. AVOID THIS PLACE AT ALL COST THE WORSE MCDONALD'S IN JERSEY. WHAT MAKES THIS MCDONALD'S BAD IS THE EMPLOYEES AND THE WAY THE HAVE NO RESPECT FOR THE COSTUMER. AVOID AVOID AVOID...
Rude!! They close early without saying anything. They don't close 4 am they close 9. I waited at the drive thru for 15 min no answer , someone was back there just ignore the drive thru.
Very slow  they do mobile orders last even when you pay in app. They make you wait if go inside .
Always a bad experience at this McDonalds check your Oder before leaving guaranteed it ½ï¿
"Mobile order 30 mins ago. Came in once the app said pick up.

Counter: oh we just got your order. Wait longer.

2020 Logic"
One of the worst McDonald's franchies around. Orders are often messed up even when given face to face. This branch is one of the few I go out of my way to avoid now.
Service is inaccurate. Check your order before leaving. Can take a bit to get the order because most is made at the time of order so it's fresh.
I wish i can put 0 stars. The service here was so so horrible! SMH I don ½ï
More expensive, long and I mean longgggggggghg wait times inside or out. Oh and you ½
App orders are horrendously slow. Expect to walk in and inquire about it.
Its incredible that a business like McDonalds can't fix things so simple like this drop ceiling....water damage with a lil bit of humidity could potentially become mold...something that could be harmful to anyone walking in here...
This is the worst ever too slow they are always on their cell phones instead of helping the customers. They almost always get my order wrong. When i went there bathroom was flithy .
Worst employees I guess it was manager at night shift very rude not surprised why people are giving negative reviews
This McDonald   s is bad. Theyï¿½
Nice clean loved it service was fast and it's quit  you can relax and enjoy your meal  the bathroom was clean I would go anytime if anything!
Their quarter pounders and big mac's are great. But they have to cook fresh fren fries twice I went and their fries were cold.
I went in to use the bathroon before i go buy some thing and i saw i had to be  Buzz Inn so I went to the front to have me  to be buzzed in and I was told no I had to buy something first and the funny thing is I'm a diabetic and my sugar was high and I was in pain but I had to buy something first just to be let into the bathroom then when I was let into the bathroom it was so disgusting Know one clean the bathroom the toilet was filled with toilet paper and piss all over the rim of the toilet dry on u can see it and the manager that I'm assuming she had like a Jamaican accent and gave me kind of a nasty attitude also i wouldnt  recommend it  to come here and i was  visiting from upstate New York it was a long drive
I went to a different McDonald's the one in New Jersey where my boyfriend lives it's good I would go all the way back over there for that juicy burger I had so mouth watery.
This place is ok....
I travel a lot and MacDonald is my regular restaurant, and this is th worst ever place in customer service and food handlers.
They are the worst.  Poor customer service, food taste horrible
Food has always been hot and fresh whenever I have visited
"Its McDonald's,,, You already know what you want if you're going there" ...
Great service , and great crew
Couldn't get a simple order correct so had to wait.
Not bad, but they don't let people use the bathroom even if buying
If I could give negative stars I would. I orders a number 3 large with no pickles and a coke no ice. Apparently that was like rocket science for these morons.
Very slow
Terrible, I'm sitting in the 2 lane drive thru for 3 to 5 minutes & another car pulls in the other lane & they take his/her order 1st then have the nerve to tell me to hold on a minute. Broadway McDonald's North Newark.
They  hardly speak English they serve you Whit and attitude and they are always more concentrated in talkin about fellow workers that they are to take your order and that's why they always give you the wrong stuff.
The worstest McDonald's in all of America and they have a armed guard always nonsense there  cold food stale and hard nerve no sauces always mistake orders too many foreign immigrants work there drive thru  Is an half an hour late junkies asking you for money and Brittany is a chickenhead.
Fast and friendly service.... Enjoyed the food.. Restroom was well kept
Smh ... THIS HAS TO BE THE WORSE MC DONALDS IN    ESSEX COUNTY    Hands Down !!! I GIVE THIS PLACE A 1 STAR .... EMPLOYEES ARE ALWAYS PLAYING OR FIGHTING  
"The staff is rude and there   s no diversity in the staff.
I live in the n"
They hire unprofessional people who can't even speak proper English. The workers are always forgetting something in your order. Ohh and the ice cream never works!
the workers close the drive through around 3-4 so don 
Just for a coffe have to wait longer than usually but I love the coffe.
Service was nice would feel more comfortable if people were sitting at the table eating. Like family.
Take to l text too long to the drive thru when certain people are there who speaks English you get the order much faster I probably they have an understanding problem
This store always gice me a hard time I don't like the staff at all
Food sucks never right always I mess up and cold and old French fr 
The absolute worst McDonald   s in New Jersey , r
The food is awesome and i love the soda and everything well more the frys i will like them to add basken roben ice cream because why not ?
There are better McDonald locations then here. Usually 9 out of 10 times they forget something you ordered.
Breakfast specials are good. The sausage burrito and sausage McMuffins with eggs are freshly cooked. Been wanting to try their spam eggs and rice but during our visit their rice cooker isn   t working so t
Limited menu here, especially the breakfast items. Food came out pretty fast though and was good.
Unprofessional staff, poor attitude, discriminating words for just a large drink. Hate atmosphere.
Slowest most incompetent McDonald's on earth. Don't waste your time here.
"It's McDonald's... You know what you're gonna get. Lobby was closed at the hour we went but there were seating options out by the beach so that was fine.

Its nice to have somewhere cheap and quick to eat late at night because everything else that was open was sit-down and much pricier."
This McDonald's is across the street from Waikiki Beach. Don't forget to try the Hawaii only meals with Spam, rice and eggs! Prices are slightly higher than other McDonald's but A LOT cheaper than surrounding restaurants! Enjoy!
Seems like, they always makes some mistakes when they get busy ½ï¿
Convenient to the east end of Kalakaua Ave. Long line in the morning for breakfast. Staff friendly and they can/will deliver to your table--which is the only reason I gave it 4 stars. Complaints: homeless person racked out at one of the ï¿½
Lost McDonald's in Honolulu, if you can avoid going here I would. The staff are rude and very cheap. I ordered 2 spicy chicken meals and our burgers weren't even in the bun everything was all over the place. When I asked the girl there for ï¿½
Everytime I visit Waikiki for a vacation this mc Donald   s milksha
This is a pretty automated McDonald   s. Probably one of the most automated ones I   ve come across. Many of the customers went strait to the devices shown to enter their order and just stood near the pick up counter for their order. I felt the process was still a bit slow given that the emphasis is for automation though. Plus the area to stand was congested since itï¿½ï¿½
This maybe the cleanest McDonald   s I ever been to. I pass 2 closer ones from my house just to come to this one because of cleanliness, good
I do not understand how the male supervisor with green locs who is working right now, still has a job. This is the second time I came to me and my children were mistreated at this location. Even writing this trying to remain professional is extremely hard. I went through the drive through on each occasion. He was rolling his eyes, condescending, disrespectful, disregarded my concern, slammed and locked the windows while I was talking    I walk inside to get an upper management personnel and her name was Roseline. When I asked her if she was above the side in the picture, she threw her arm out and said what happened. She walked away and disregarded my concern. There was a African guy with a coat on in the food are passed me the sauce and told me it was not his job to do so.. this loca
I spend a lot of money here everyday and today me and a friend came here for breakfast. The water for my tea was hot but her coffee was cold. Do better. I would have given a higher star rating if her coffee was hot and made properly.
Food was fine. But, when we came a large family were at the cash taking kiosks so we used a regular kiosk and waited to pay cash at the register. When the manager came to take cash they gave a look like we were crazy then said you "you know we have a cash kiosk?", to which I responded that people are at it. It wasn't overly rude, but execution was totally annoyed at us the customer. Hope it's not like that next time we visit.
More than 30 min of wait 2 buses should have arrived and both routes are late. I don't get it, if  paying with our taxes for this service plus a fare of 2 $ the ride, where is the investment of the company on providing a good services, more buses, more bus drivers better service, better budget. I called and the Lady on the phone left me waiting on hold. I'll seek for an investigation in this situation. hopefully Public resources are being well managed, RIGHT? ï¿½ï
A disappointing visit. We ordered using the kiosk since no one was manning the counter cash register. We waited over 20 minutes for 3 standard combo meals and no one else was inside the restaurant. The people working in the back only worked on drive thru orders. While waiting, we watched as they cleared our order off the monitor without having served it. At that point, I asked one of the employees why our order was cleared and he responded that he didn't realize it hadn't been served. We were the only people in the restaurant and we were clearly waiting at the counter for something, whether it was food or a condament or napkins and they never even bothered to ask what we needed or what we were waiting for. The staff completely ignored us until we asked why our order was cleared without getting anything. They did make our order fresh once we asked for it, which is why I gave more that 1 star for the food. We would not return to this location.
"Drive through experience. Long line, no problem, tourist area. Took a while to take my order. When I paid, the person didn't even make eye contact, he gave me my receipt without saying a word except for the total and shut the window. Then, went to the 2nd window where the guy gave me the water bottle and sent me to the 3rd window. By the time I paid, at 10:02 pm, it was 10:20 pm and I was still waiting on anyone to come to the 3rd window. Then a female employee brought me a kid's meals and when I asked her for the rest of the order, she waved her hand and said ""I don't know"" with an attitude. She left and I waited 5 more mins before anyone came to the window. A male manager came and I explained what was missing plus to look at the happy meal that only had 4 fries, cold nuggets, no toy, no sauce, no napkins. When I showed the kid's meal, he said what happened to the fries? (as if we ate them). I looked at him and said ""that's what you guys gave me and to look at the camera"". He then said ""hold on"" and slammed the window. Another 5 mins go by, gave me the food and I asked where is the sauce and he said the 1st bag, but it wasn't there. As he was getting me the sauce, I told him this was the worst service ever and that I was going to put a review. He shrugged his shoulders, slammed the window and left. I then proceeded to hunk my horn very loudly to see if he came back to the window, but he never did.
I'm a store manager myself and I would never tolerate a behavior like that from any of my managers or from any of my team members. My 6 year old grand-daughter was in the car and was crying with this upsetting situation.
I visit this location at least 3-4 times a week, never had problems like this with the other shifts."
Not only was it packed and slow moving but our mobile app that said ready in 3-5 minutes actually tool close to 15 minutes. A BIG thing was having to pay to have a refill on your drink. That is ridiculous.
I came to this mcdonalds to pick up an order for a customer as I deliver with Uber Eats and the manager refused to make the order because he said "we are too busy and dont have the time to prepare such a big order, plus these are lunch and dinner items we will be switching over to breakfast in 20 minutes." So my customer was cheated out of their order and I was screwed out of $35!!!! I reported the restaurant to Uber support as well as Mcdonalds corporate offices. Avoid this mcdonalds if you can. Terrible!!
The food is always cold there's always a long wait time and some of the managers just don't care. One of them was mad I complained about my fries not being cooked all the way so he snatched them out of my child's hand and those were not even the ones I was complaining about, he then asked me if I had a recipe. When he was the one that took my money and didn't give me one.
Absolutely disgusting, please tare this place down and build a Wendy   s with new  employees. I wasted my money. I urge you not to waste your money and
"First i'm looking at my receipt. I ordered two cheeseburger happy meals and only got a hamburger with one pickle on it. Then the manager tries to tell me that the drinks are dispensed on how you water them. I threw my receipt at him. I ordered a sweet tea and dr pepper
I was given a hi-c .

Untop of it I wish I can post a photo of my two orders of fries thrown on the groud because they were uncooked."
It's nice to still have some locations open 24 hours. And despite mobile park/pickup or the dining room being closed. The way in which the team here was able to expedite the dining room was amazing.
There are two lanes of drive through. I ordered on the mobile app while waiting in line.  When I got to the speaker,  they didn't bother to ask my order,  or order number.  They just kept taking people from the other line. I know that sometimes happens,  they forget the order cars pull up. But not 4 in a row. As they started taking the 5th car,  I pulled into the line and went to the window.  Food was OK when I got it.  But waiting 30 minutes for that to happen in the drive through isn't cool.
It's McDonald's McDonald's. What can I say. We wanted a snack and we're hungry. So we drop by this place.
Raw burger. Spoke with manager Nattie, she defended the raw burger saying it passed a temperature check. She reluctantly agreed to make a new one a took my receipt.  20 minutes later still no burger. Went to the counter, a girl there gave the burger to someone else. Another burger was made, but they "lost" the receipt.  While standing at the counter waiting for a receipt to be reprinted, I was holding onto my bag. A man behind the counter tried to grab the bag out of my hand. I told him "hands off", he said he was checking the order number. TOTAL INCOMPETENCE! I went to complete the survey on the receipt BUT IT HAD ALREADY BEEN COMPLETED!!!
One of the fastest McDonald's I've been so far. I ordered through the app and it was ready in just a few minutes. The place is clean and staff is friendly.
I had this same meal in Las Palmas Orlando, Florida and the difference was night and day.  Sorry should have taken picture B4 I started eating, but look at the pork and meat, that I didn't touch.  Never again 
The workers helped me get a free apple pie plus they always made sure we had everything we needed
Are food was great that is why we have got breakfast every morning at the same location # Bring The Bagels Back
"Update!! Megan is still here and amazing as ever! She joyfully asked if she could get us refills, YES! They offer refills again! Yay! You just have to ask in case she's not there. Fashima and two other gentlemen working were also very friendly and even offered to help carry my food to the table... Almost like we were at a real sit down restaurant the way they took care of us! Thank you. The only thing was that the quarter pounder seemed small and was overcooked and dry.... But we will be back!

Megan was very friendly and helpful with ordering... If give her 5 stars  ""we don't do refills here."" What? So the funny thing is, they are moving to have you order at the kiosk, but you need to ask for the refills, which they don't do because the beverage machine is shut down. Just so you know when you go!"
"I never seen a place full with kids employees..
no body care what you looking for.. rod customer service by rosalina.. she made you like you were asking for free food"
Food quality is good, cafe is very clean and all staffs are very friendly. Location is also very good. If u want you can order food through self-order screen inside the cafe, drive through is also available. Good for kids as well because there is a kids playing area inside the cafe.
Manager was great. He unlocked the door just before closing to take my order. I was staying at the hotel next-door so i didnt drive over.
Complicated kiosk ordering, salty fries (can order lightly salted) decent but too much sodium in the hamburgers.  Good for in a pinch or for a quick bite.
Went thru the drive thru. It was around 11:30 pm, and the line went all the way around the building but was moving. Only ordered 2 large decaf coffees. They were fresh - made to order.
This is the most Discusting McDonald I 
Instead of the manager (Isiah) helping my kids, he decides to send someone else so he can go converse with someone else. They were paying customers just like everyone else he helped. Thank you to the people that helped my kids.
Food isn't always hit. Nonmatter when I go. And even if I order a kids meal we always have to pull around and wait for our order. It's very slow service
Sign indicates free item if the person taking your order doesn't ask about rewards. The Male taking our order didn't ask. We told them at the window. The manager told us the girl that took our order did ask us we explained that it wasn't a girl it was the man. To which she rolled her eyes,walked away and didn't return. We also didn't recieve our bottle water, napkins  nor straws for the drinks we did get.
"Tiny cramped parking lot makes it hard to get in and out of. Location is in a really commercial touristy area so it's to be expected, I suppose. Didn't go inside, so this is just the drive thru experience. Dual drive thru lines were wrapped around the building at 10pm on a Sunday.
Food ok. Fries and fish bun were a bit stale, considering the long line, was expecting fresher food, I guess.  Good enough for a late snack."
This store is always clean. The staff always pleasant and helpful. I've been impressed with them the whole 7 months I've been here.
Lucky they even get the rating they do. Placed a mobile app order at 9:49am and was still waiting for 3 sandwiches 45 minutes later. Not a single person acknowledged me standing at the front counter, but had no problem passing orders out to those using the kiosk. Go thru the drive thru to be given the excuse that their "short handed", yet I spent 45 minutes INSIDE and seen plenty of employees. My order was wrong twice. Absolutely cold food. Sent a complaint to corporate because this is unacceptable. This location is full of tourist and I hate for these people visiting our state and area to be treated the way I was. Absolutely uncalled for!
Excellent and fast service. The food was good.
Typical McDonalds but extremely long waits due to proximity to tourist attractions.  Be prepared to wait 20+ mins in the drive thru, even for a mobile order
"Food was cold drinks missing
The manager is rude the advertising is false. She accused us of lieing when we said we weren't asked about the rewards to receive the free cookie.  Very hostile !"
"Clean place with prompt, and accurate service. The chicken nuggets were delicious and crunchy!    We ordered through the Drive Thru with hardly any wait time.  The attendant confirmed our order no less than twice, and I was given exactly what we asked.

The inside is clean (as well as the bathrooms) and has a lot of seating.  There's also an indoor play area for the kiddos.  In this location you place your order on the touch screens in front of the cashiers."
Not satisfied with purchase. Female manager messed up my order twice. My tripple hamburger looked like someone added two miniature paddies on a normal size burger. I would recommend that this supervisor pays attention to receipts and ask for additional help in order to avoid mistakes.
This is by far the best McDonald's I have ever been too. They serve you your food very quickly and take your trash. They walk around asking if you need anything and are very friendly. Very clean as well.
If I could I would give -10 stars because I stayed here in Orlando all week and they never wanted to take my order, they locked all the doors at night, they say they close at 11pm and for example I arrived at 9:40 and they told me that it was closed, please McDonald   s do something, this is happening to me all nights, Im from Mexico and I dont have a car or the App from here (even if its the same is different) they are rude and not attentive. 
I had small issues with drive thru but after we figured some of it out together, with another employee helping. Took a bit.. after the fries were cold ect... Thought they would of remade them for us.. but it was not the worse it could of been... I should of ask them to do that.. asked for more help and would of went better probably.
Quick food, pretty clean environment, cheap food. It's a McDonald's, they don't vary too much in general. Though there are outliers, this one is consistent with what I've come to expect of McDonald's.
"TERRIBLE SERVICE!
Asked for the manager for refil e he turn around and started to do another thing completely different. ZERO ATTENTION TO CUSTOMER. I "
"Very polite service. Very clean. One has the ability to self order. Playhouse for the little ones!

Thank you Ileanna for the great coroner service. Keep up the great work!!"
What a wild location. Went here twice while on vacation and each time there were police near by. People darting across the parking lot.
For a McDonalds I was pleased. Ordered at a kiosk, but they brought us our food to the table. Order was correct and food arrived quickly. Quite clean.
No one to take your order it's all done on kiosks had to have my ice coffee remade because they couldn't get it right the first time
I understand the profit-drive to push automation, but it seems to not work here. 35 minutes wait for two standard egg McMuffin meals mid morning is unacceptable for fast food.
Very long wait time but the food was good and the young lady at the second window was so nice
Lost our order. Waited 45 min for a burger fries and a box of nuggets. Then they accuse us of trying to get a duplicate order for Free. They clearly have problems.  We tossed a twenty dollar bill at them and asked for the food. NEVER GO to this location.  EVER
Nasty Shift manager and drive thru lady treat customers like a burden nonsense of customer service. Kitch n always Dirty. I definitely would not suggest coming here.
They had very engaging workers, helpful, busy workers. Breakfast was always fresh and quick. Best of all McDonalds we have been in ½ï¿½
The staff at this McDonald's are the best. Jamal is the manager and El assisted me with my order. El is an exceptional employee. I visit this McDonald's on a weekly basis and El is always helpful and not just to me, but to all customers. Thank you El.
Ordered the curbside orders but waited around 20 mins since the staff totally forgot to take the meals out??? I ordered regular iced latte but got suuuuper sweet latte instead. Even got the overcooked bun on my muffin! Worst experience!
Horrible! Management isn   t professional at all, a ma
While sitting down eating. A manager was arguing with an elderly gentleman. Very disrespectful. Will never got black again.
"Lst night the cashier wouldnt assist in exchanging a nugget meal for a nugget happy meal due to their broken kiosk misplaced the order. Neither would sell the toy itself to help a child get their wanted toy instead sold a seperate happy meal box! Coffe was cold too!

Next day went bck hoping to get a different experience... the guy on the floor was really nice and polite but the middle eastern cashiers.... not so much!!!! Im standing their waiting to be assisted but instead the latina looking and the middle eastern had a more important conversation of how to remove her nose piercing and how to clean it! Also she was manipulating her nose while at the csshier! So so disgusting!!! Grosss!!!!!"
Same service like every McDonald 
Messed up order completely  and parking lot over run with drug addicts
Having to pay for a cup of water is outrageous. $2 for a cup of water should not be the norm. Who do they think they are, Nestle?
I ordered the 2 for 4.49 crispy chicken biscuits for breakfast and they gave me the 2 for 3 mc chicken sandwich and then when I asked the manager Monica.why was i charged so much for sandwiches I didn't order she told me that she was short-staffed and didn't have time to fix it and gave me an attitude.
This McDonald's is way more efficient than the other McDonald's down by  Animal Kingdom with the drive thru they are also a lot more friendlier at least on the intercom. But they didn't cook my quarter pounder to temp because it was still red on the inside of the meat which was disgusting. I had to go to the door in order to get my burger fixed which then I ran into the situation of them starting to close their doors 5 minutes before they were supposed to close at 12 and the employee looked at me and said we are closed when I literally was holding the burger in my hand to show for proof. I look at the employee and say I know I came up here because I had just ordered from the drive thru this burger and it isn't cooked all the way. She takes the burger doesn't say anything and shuts the door with me standing outside. I then wait thank gosh she came back with a new one I didn't know if she was going to. I didn't get an apology though for my burger not being cooked all the way through though.
Not sure I have ever been to one that deserves 5 stars.  This was run of the meal McDonalds.  Average in everyway.
this mcdonald's is not open 24 hours despite all signage and hours posted. an employee rudely shooed me away when i showed up at 1:30 AM.
Went there for Doordash pick up. Store was close. So I parkedy car and walked to the drive-through window. A staff told me I have to get in line with all the drive through customers. Which took me almost half an hour just to get to the window in my car. That's nuts. The order has already been placed and all I'm doing is just picking it up. You guys gotta find a better system or else close this place down if you can't get it together.
A clean place with a good airco, food is another story. Bread of the burgers is dried out, french fries were cold. No do not go here if you want good food
Take your service else where save your time. Manager is unprofessional and rude and so is the staff. OH and btw if you are a tourist they don   t accept more than 2 orders if you ½ï¿
Horrible service !  Made an mobile order and it took forever  to be ready . I end it up leaving without my order and you can not cancel the the order thru the app. I'll never comeback on this location.
It's McDonald's. You know what you're getting. You know that every once in awhile and order is going to be messed up but if you walk in they're going to fix it for you and probably throw in a free French fry. There's no reason to give these service workers a hard time they're doing what they can. Thanks guys. Everyone once in awhile I want some chicken nuggies and and it's always you guys and your sweet and sour love sauce. Hot mustard is acceptable sometimes.
"Terrible service,we have to go back 3  times since they forgot my big mac   , bbq's
Sauce  sweet sour souce  ,and my large order  fries with only half full.  The last thing is herzelnut iced coffee  with none flavor that I have to dumped away after first dip.  The most important thing is The only one staff seems so mad at work. When she doing the fries,one empty fries bag dropped on the floor,she got so pissed  threw a whole bunch fries bag on the floor.  She seems the manager, no other staff dared to point this out. They all just keep silent and clean the mess. If you are not in the mood ,go home plz. When comes to customer service, be nice then . That is the priority of your duty and responsibility."
The lady at the drive-thru window was so rude and angry (for no reason) that I cancelled my order and drove away. The lady would only answer with one word answers and was not even polite. Drove to BurgerKing across the street where I was treated nicely and my order was completed with no problems or childish employees.
Large capuchino???? The second picture with the flash light was other day, take your own review about it, IT IS A  ½ï¿½
Great food, service friendly and prompt,  restaurant very clean.
Employees are the make or break in the hospitality industry and Megan is the make of this restaurant!!!! Will return regularly just to say hi to her ½ï
No self service options you have to rely on the employees to give/bring you everything necessary if they even bring it in the first place
Person was very rude gave me the wrong order and the food was cold check the food back and got my money back
Made an order online. Arrived 15 later. The place was packed. We waited 50 minutes in the store for our food. We got the wrong nugget sauces. We were missing 2 LG fries and 2 LG sweet t's. The manager behind the counter was very rude to the customers. This place is a wreck.
Very rude!!! I came early morning today and no one came over speaker. I watched them hand the car in front me food out the window. But yet they paid no mind to me being outside the window. They passed by and didn   t say a word or even acknowledge I was there but yet several employees passed by and saw me. Even if you were closed despite sign stating 24 hrs the lease you could do is have some decency and say something. Really poor service. T
Restaurant was clean and continually being cleaned...tables and floor..I liked this as it helps to keep the place looking well and controls the corona virus and other pathogens...food wad good
Companies need to understand it's not 2020 anymore. The public is tired of your excuses. Be aware this location starts breakfast at 4am however during late hours they shut their systems down meaning they only take cash, and mobile orders are not accepted, and the mobile app is not updated to make yiuu aware of this. Maybe it's legit, seems shady though. If anything it is poor management. It is understandable to shut down system during slower times if need be. But you should have it ready to go by time your breakfast hours start, and the mobile app should not be accepting orders.
Automated McDonald's don't expect excellent customer service, food is always mediocre.
Disney McDonalds let us down so we came to this one and the night crew knocked it out of the park. Great job.
They always have consistent food, no matter which one you go to
A Big Dog was unleashed in the restaurant. Seriously? I love animals, but I have some allergy reactions.
Stopped in for fast coffee but instead had the pleasure of watching Angelica work her customer service magic. She took the time to rework a customers order to take advantage of saving. His way of ordering would have cost $14 but with her assistance it was just $8. A blessing for this customer as he is on standby for the birth of his third granddaughter. Doesn't matter if you are spending $1 or $100...good customer service is hard to find. Stop in and get your savings with Angelica should you be in the area. ï¿½ï
Asked for a large water when they brought my order to my table.  And she never came back.
This is a Great McDs the food is alway hot&fresh and they are all nice unlike my local McDs in Lex,Ky
"More often than not, there is something wrong with the order when it is delivered.
8/23/22 - order came out correctly today
1/28/23 - fries were fresh and hot,  burgers were cooked to order; staff was friendly."
It's McDonald's, what can I say. Food is good but what we all really judge from them is their service. Always check your order, 80% of the time, they will always get big orders wrong. Can't blame them when we expect our food fast.
As a McDonald's goes it was great. Fries where hot, burger fresh and the pies where hot. My only complaint is that the opinions where very limited.
I GIVE IT 2 STARS because they were quick.But on the other hand,The fries were cold,and the burgers were drenched with ketchup. Told the gentleman to hold one moment and 5 seconds later a girl came on. Like give us a minute. I normally don't write a review and I hate to leave a bad one.But you would think because it's in front of oldtown it's hot and fresh. Just got out of the hospital wanted a warm meal.
Waited 34 minutes to pick up our order, and of course it was wrong and cold. Poorly managed, I do not recommend this location.
Unique McDonald's in that they request you use the touch screen order kiosks. I was hesitant at 1st but actually very convenient. You can choose one of the numbered tables you sit at and they bring your food to you. And Quick service the couple of times I did.
I have worked at a McDonald   s and I have never seen such disrespect, Lack of communication and unprofessional from a manger in my life. I had a Uber eats order and called 15 minutes before to make sure that it was able to be picked up and when they answered the phone I asked my question and I got hung up on not once but three times. When I arrived and have waited in the line the man taking the orders in the drive through said our Uber order would be ready at the second window. When we got there the manger told us no orders for Uber were available. When I asked if he could double check he said that we would have to go back in line and that he was busy. I understand if there is system issues but I 
Couldn't even order. I was greeted at the drive thru with "we're only taking one order at a time, there are 2 people in front of you, I'll get to you when I can" so I thought maybe they were severely understaffed. After 20 minutes at the speaker waiting, I pulled off without ever being spoken to again, to find at least 6 or 7 staff members kind of just hanging out inside, surely not moving the drive thru line along.
"Most unprofessional and rude mcdonalds I have ever been to.
I recently went to this Mcdonalds and order 2 quarter pounders with cheese with no ketchup or tomatoes because I have an allergy and a large coke. When I got to work I'm happy that I checked it before I bite into it because it had both. When I called them and spoke to the manager I was asked my name and to come back and they would replace it. I couldn't make it back that day because I was at work so I called the next day and left them know my name and I was going to go by and get the replacement and they said that I was ok to pick it up. Not even 5 minutes later the manager called me back and told me that I couldn't go pick it back up. When I said the manager said it was OK the person that called me back said it was a different manager that I talked to and thistles manager said absolutely not. Which it was the same manager. Like how unprofessional and rude this mcdonalds was."
Great for post Disney/Universal tourist dinner    Amazing quick service, fresh food, super easy self service option. I asked for no salt fries and no salt fresh fries is what I got. I was hangry after being denied service at Checkers (they were not accepting walk up orders at 9pm).
My favorite mcdonals. Fast service, great customer service and good food error free
"Be Aware!

Always a problem in this branch! Either order is wrong, or missing key ingredients in burgers (like ketchup for example), or stale meat ingredients, or the high prices, or the 45 -60 minutes long lines, etc.. What broke the camel back for me was when some customers would skip the drive thru line and when speaking to the McDonald's manager, I was told there's nothing they can do about it. Very bad area to be in for sure. Ghetto employees and ghetto customers. Better to drive couple more miles either way on 192 than to come here!"
Great experience.  Fast service.  Accurate order.  This location has the dollar menu.  Clean restaurant.  Highly recommend this McDonald's.
Took 20 minutes to order then they messed up are order charged us for there mess up. Questioned the price they gave us a hard time just to get the receipt to prove them wrong. That took  another 10 minutes.
My husband and I wanted to do a combo through the mobile order but the drink machine was shut down. The Manager Keith went out of his way to be rude and shut us down with a    No can   t do it    when we asked for a orange juice for the price of the soft drink scene the soft drinks were not available because soft machine was broke. As we stood waiting for our food he was being very condescending, and also maid comments like    he can ½ï
If this is the McDonalds we went to near Orlando, this is the best one I have been to in years.
Just a standard maccies     I would prefer during the drive thru thst the menu 
Food was hot and order came as it was ordered. However they had no pop. It was okay, would i go back, sure.
"We have visited this McDonald   s twice now using the drive through. It took forever both times - the car in front only ordering 1 or 2 items! First time it took around 10 minutes to order and then we had to wait for the food another 10 minutes.
Second time too"
Not greeted when entering, employees refused to acknowledge us while we waited to order just to be told by another guest that we have to use the kiosk. An employee walking to the bathroom confirmed this. Kiosk doesn't accept cash and touch screen was not responsive. Decided to go to drive-thru and waited a few minutes just to pull off and go to chick-fil-a where they still know how to serve it's customers.
Raw meat! Dont go here, second time happened to me
No lie... It was 65* degrees inside.... We ate at the car...
"Kid wouldn't take our order with cash but took a single girls order with cash.

Walked us to a kiosk. This world's so screwed. And this McDonald's is racist. Would get negative if possible."
They were definitely earning their wages that day, it was really busy but the food kept coming out and orders filled
Great fast service. They actually put lots of onions and pickles on their burgers here. LOL. S0 I actually started enjoying their hambergers more .
I don   t know what they say the lobby is open until 11 
The wait was really long in the drive thru but I can   t really c
Better to order in than go thru drive thru  
Ordered through Uber Eats at around 11pm one day, Ordered a Big Mac Meal, A Quarter pounder, and a 20 Piece. They forgot the big mac, and instead of a 20 piece i got a 10 piece. Kinda upset at that but i 
Ordered our food through the kiosk, served with a smile and very courteous. Very clean location. Though one of the managers was having to deal with a former employee that was trying to make a scene when the employee was clearly in the wrong, the manager kept her calm and remained professional as to not allow the situation to affect those in the restaurant. Very nice experience and would come back again when I am in the area!
I don   t
Man this place is so awesome when I rolled up there was a line going all the way to the stop sign it only took me maybe 15 minutes to get my food which is not bad at all. My wife is pregnant and was really craving and ice cream fudge Sunday their ice cream machine was down. I had ice cream at home but no hot fudge ask them to give me a couple few squirts of it and they obliged even though they didn't have a button for it I'm really happy and so is my wife thank you very much. Very chill people, appreciate you!
Strange management??? Got what I ordered,  but had to do at kiosk.   No one at the register taking orders.   My diet coke barely had any ice.  When I asked for ice, I got deer in the headlights look.  Food was as expected,  but very strange experience.   I would not go back.
My family and I came here and we were all disappointed. They were not welcoming and they had a line, didn   t even bother asking anyone what they needed. The people needed to stop the worker and ask for what they needed, no one was ever at the counter. We are Hispanic and we also felt discriminated against because the lady at the counter didn   t want to give us refills and didn ½ï
The food is no good for you since I have found out since the last time I reviewed this that there is pork in their hamburger I will not be going there anymore I should sue them as what I should do I haven't ate pork in 20 years!!!! very disappointing, and you would think a big establishment like this could get turkey bacon or turkey sausage
Waited 19min for a single happy meal. Drive thru was not overly busy (2-3 cars past the order area). Dining room had moderate amount of guests ordering and waiting (never more than 5/6 groups). I counted 8 workers. I just needed a hamburger and 2 happy meal friesï¿½
They forgot my ice cream but I went back and got it. The line is very long weekends so go during the week. The curbside pickup is excellent. I am appending my review, this is the second time I ordered and they forgot an item. This McDonald   s is beyond busy 
l've paid for hot drinks but they didn't have hot drinks. So funny. Than they return my money in to my bank account but less than l have paid. They didn't refund as full amount
horrible horrible horrible manager at night. unfortunatly i didnt catch her name but shes the oldest one in the night shift atleast on most days when i come. today is 5/9/2022, and its 12:10am, and all i did was ask her if my order was still there cuz on my screen it disappeared and she just kept saying, U GOTTA KEEP WAITING, so i said, i dont mind waiting i just want to know if my order is on ur side cuz it disappeared on my side and she rolled her eyes and said, LIKE I SAID YOU HAVE TO KEEP WAITING!!!!! and its not the first time this happens. i was here one day when she yelled at a customer saying, I TOLD YOU UR APPLE PIES ARENT READY YET!!! that someone else went up to her and told her she needs to calm herself down. so disrespectful and rude and she should not be working anywhere where it involves guests cuz obviously she has no patience. you can ask her for some ketchup and she rolls her eyes right ahead!
Every time I came during my two week visit I was asked to pull forward into the parking spots where the mobile ordering area is, there was always 2-4  cars pulled up waiting for food just so they can make their drive thru times better. No one wants to pull forward for you to make your ratings look better. Get it together  ½ï¿
Average mickyD food, not bad. Customer service was not stellar and left much to be desired. Local clientele made it not optimal for kids unless you are armed.
Soooo slow. Waited on line so long to find out there were only 2 people working. Literally!!! I'm sure they make more than enough money to hire more people.
Food was really fresh and tasty.  Staff was very nice.  Huge line after parks closing but they cranked it out.
"Don't eat here! Order is always wrong, takes forever, fries are cold and gross. Dining room ""closes"" at 11pm. NOPE! Really closes at like 8pm. Update the hours on your door!!! When we knocked on the door and pointed to the sign, THE MANAGER FLIPPED US OFF!

Cooperate needs to fire most the staff, all the managers, and get new people in there."
Easy and fast drive through experience. 24/7 is always a plus
DO NOT GO HERE!  This was the most unprofessional treatment that we ever received by McDonald's. We felt like we couldn't even report it because we didn't have a name to call up the next day and speak to a manager he wouldn't even give us a name
Ordered food inside, first time back in two years. We come to Florida for vacation and the staff here is awesome.  In and out in minutes,  keep up the good work  ½
The servers and associates behind the counters are great. Things get fix fast and are always fresh no matter the rush.
Have to order by computer and no one to help. Asked for no mustard and crispy fries.  Had 6 worker's talking about a ring instead of just looking at me as I asked for help. Bathroom are nasty.  Won't go back again.
Insanely busy line around the building for the drive through out the door for walk in and order ridiculously busy customer service was friendly but order was wrong and took a long time to complete maybe they just need more employees on a Sunday morning my family is :-(
Always forget my sauces when I get delivery
Wish they learned how to cook there chicken sandwich.  Love getting there chicken sandwich in the morning,  but was very burned and didn't taste good at all, even burned the 2nd one when I asked them to remake it.
The drive through guy was super disrespectful and awful to deal with. We had ordered online and they said it didn't go through even though it charged us so instead of providing a solution he stood staring not saying anything. As well as when we got the food and asked if that was all and he rolled his eyes and said nothing. Absolutely one of the worst experiences in a drive through. 0
Always worth coming to McD. The drive through was stabil quick, order was waiting for me, everything inside and no problem asking for more ketchup. The classics like big Mac like you would expect and good as always. Parking possibilities rigth in front of restaurant and drive in has even 2 lines. 5x 
Great experience getting a late snack here tonight
Lines longer than Disney. Staff walk around clueless half the time. Not sure if understaffed or undertrained. Corporate needs to come and take a look at this one or shut it down. Been this way for years now. Always the same. Always cash only at night.
Was visiting for a few weeks. Got coffee plenty of times and was correct maybe twice to three times.
Carmen the best she deserve a raise nice job
"Used a deal at the kiosk for a free kids meal w/ combo purchase and when I went to check out it said ""Deal is unavailable"" & wiped out the order forcing me to re-enter everything and the deal code was now invalid. I get that they are for ""participating locations"", but if you're not a participating location, put up a sign or something so I don't waste my time.
The drink fountain was closed 'to keep the restaurant clean' according to the sign so I went to the counter and asked for a refill and the manager said ""We don't do refills here"". What? Seriously? Unlike every other McDonald's? You're gonna give me the saltiest fries ever and then make me pay for a refill? Again, if that is this location's policy, fine. But post a sign so that the expectation is set"
Best McDonald's on planet earth. Our food was so hot and fresh. The best of the best for service, and preparation of food.
"One of my favorite features of McDonald's for me is that I know what I can expect; offerings, flavors, etc.
This is true for this particular restaurant, however, it seems that being soooo busy (I guess excellent location) makes them impervious to concerns about customer service or satisfaction of their customers.

Running out of lettuce, running out ""of many things"", are management/logistics problems. Bad attitude, lack of courtesy, well I guess that problem is on us, the customers, right?

The two stars are for do providing the best breakfast sandwich in the market still, regardless of attitude and bad manners."
This is the worst experience I   ve ever had at a McDonalds. Waited in line for over 40 mins at the drive thru, then found out my filet-o-fish I ordered was automatically removed from the mobi
I ordered cookies and chocolate chip then I went to pay. The cashier was very rude he didnt greet me, didnt look me in the eye, and just announced  the price with no manners such as please. The lady at the drive through just shoved the bag at us, no eye contact either. Training for the workers at this Mcdonalds is lacking.
"This McDonald's usually ROCKS!
They can get thru a line that goes all the way to the highway in under 20 min.

Tonight,  there was no line. Also the inside was closed. AND...  THE ICE CREAM MACHINE WAS BROKEN/SHUT OFF. SHOCKER.

My son did something amazing at school and wanted a Sunday for a treat. So thats why we went.

Then they didn't put all the things we ordered in the bag and we drove off. 2 u turns in traffic and waiting in line now to get what they forgot.
So... I asked the manager if they could just add a small bag of fries since we had to do 2 uturns to get this item they forgot to put in the bag. She said No, we can't do that.
REALLY!?!?!?! I have worked in the food industry for 28 years.  I am well aware of what you can and can not do.
You didn't WANT TO. You didn't want to value me as a person, a customer,  or a future. You didn't want to do your job properly in the 1st place. You didn't want to apologize in any way shape or form.

I don't mind that a mistake was made. I do mind that they acted like it was my fault for ordering anything to begin with.

There are 22 other fast food locations in the quarter mile radius."
Just went to this location. Worst service I ever had! I was unable to process my orden with the Kiosk. After I couldn't make the order I was standing at the line and the employee said all orders needed to be thru the Kiosk. I told them I tried it and was unable to complete the order and I prefer (wanted) to do it thru cashier. Manager Jennifer was rude and said that if I wanted to do it with a cashier I had to do it via drive thru. To be honest, that is totally disrespectful and unprofessional. Where is the customer service or Customer Service satisfaction?? You can not force your customers to do only kiosk!!!! What about people that can't read??? Are they not allowed to go inside the restaurant just because they can't make the order at the kiosk??
Self ordering stations inside offer a milk alternative for coffee and that's what we (thought we) got. Went through the drive through to be told they dont offer such a thing. My husband was in the middle of explaining the situation to the manager at the window when she just turned and walked away. My husband had to get her attention to finish explaining that the menu inside has it on there. She was slightly aggressive,  we left.
Order was wrong despite using ordering terminal and salad had large section that was inedible, see the picture. Looked like the lettuce had been out of date for a month. Took forever as well!
"24 hours, it's a joke right?
I arrived from my trip at 3:00am today 02/26/22 and the cashier notified me to wait.
After 30 minutes without attending to me in the self-service line, I decided to check if there was someone to attend me and nobody came out or said anything.  It is a lack of respect."
They won't take my order I had to use the self serving one n they didnt take our food to the table as the number thingy said
Not bad to be the only mcdonald's in the  area
Manager was the absolute worst! The talent pool must be real slim. They need to seek management with some sorta personalityï¿½
The line was super long, but I guess that's what should be expected when you get off the airplane at night and it's the only place still open. Thank you, McDonald's! Despite the line the food was super good! The crispy chicken sandwich was shared hours later slightly heated in the microwave and still great! The McNuggets were even good 3 Days later according to my daughter :-)
Fries were good and hot. I also got the crispy chicken     sandwich. It was hot but  seemed like they forgot to season it as it was very bland and basically had no taste at all. The only thing I tasted was the two pickles on the sandwich. I definitely will not get this sandwich again here. I have to say overall ordering the crispy chicken sandwich at any McDonald's is a major gamble. I have gotten it once or twice before when it was really good but more often than not it has not been good at all... Bland, burnt, dry, etc .. take my advice don't get the c
My quarter pounder with cheese was old, cold and dry.
Top of the line service. My husband and I came out from California to go to Disneyworld and the staff at this Mc Donald's was even more accommodating and friendly than Disney. The manager even came out to check on us. Just very impressed by how everything is running at this McDonald's.
They have the ordering kiosks here. It   s better to 
This location just recently allows you to dine in. But there are like 2 thirds of the seating unavailable.  The selfservice screen were not accepting card payments so you need to complete transactions at cashier anyways defeating the purpose of contactess ordering...
Really great service at this McDonald's, manager Joseph was very helpful In getting my order placed with my over tired 3 year old.   Very friendly staff.  Food was hot and tasty but the staff makes this place stand out from the countless other McDonald's visits I have had.
"Our order was incorrect. We ordered a Big Mac meal - with a large coke and a medium caramel frappe. We were handed a medium coke with the meal and frappe. When we said the coke was supposed to be large, the worker (Manager) asked for the receipt, which shows:
1 Big Mac Ml-Lrg
1 M Coke
Then she said: You have to ask for a large- We did!! She didn't offer to correct their error.
When do you ever order a large meal with a medium drink????? The fry was a large, but they were cold. The Big Mac was dry. I forgot why we don't usually go to McDonald's. Thank you for reminding me."
This has got to be the best run McDonald's ever!
Awesome customers service. So so nice is an understatement of the employees. Fell in love with Micky D again after having lunch here.
No contact with the workers till they delivered.  Basically you were ignored unless you yelled loudly for attention.  Very disappointed and will never visit there again. Remover the kiosk in order to give a one on one personal touch.  Even a good morning!!! GO BACK TO COUNTER HELP PLEASE
There were people inside but they were closed, but they did sell food, only that I could not buy because I did not have a car. If they are open for take away they should not DISCRIMINATE someone because he does not have a car.
Drive thru is the biggest mistake.  They Assured me everything was in the bag.  And nope no 20 piece chicken nuggets  
Horrible! Got home ordered a crispy chicken sandwich. They gave it to me on a plain dry bun, with nothing on it. Just chicken & bread.
We use the McDonald's app on our phones. They have the best deals for lunch. Most times they have if you buy one sandwich you get a second sandwich for $.29 They also have a large French fry for $1.00.
Worst McDonald's I have ever been to. The food was dry, we had to ask for our drinks three times and we had to ask for the Happy Meal toy. There was one helpful young woman working front cash, who got the last drink sorted out. But won't be back unless management starts checking in and doing a better job motivating employees.
We stopped in for a midday snack since we were across the street at Fun Spot of America.  I placed a mobile order, the cashier didn   t know that.. after standing there for 5 minutes he finally said mobile order 1634.. I raised my hand and he slide me the bag. Never
I just want to warn people that they have a beautiful playground that you can see from the outside...but it   s closed. 
"Terrible.... 1st- no cashier, they force us to use the non user friendly kiosk.
2nd- why ask us to take a table number if you don't deliver the food.
3rd- 6 dirty tables.
Don't you forget they are many other fast food options...."
The service is good and food is fresh , the only bad thing  is just that its always packed because is a tourist area.
Great Customer Service from the staff here.
Says 24 hour drive through. They're always closed, shut down, doing maintenance, only cash, systems are down, or some other reasons why they can't serve the early risers. They shouldn't post on the signa that the drive through is open just to not serve anyone or have it on maps that they are open just to refuse customers.
Good food and service!
Best icecream ever , vanila cone
Worst ever spent 45 minutes in line and then they never took my order through the intercom finally made it to the front they took forever to give me my order then get home to see a combo missing UGH then I call to complain and they never answered the phone!!!! Horrible management
I sat in drive through Tuesday night around 11:30 PM for 20 minutes and pull up to order and associate says sorry we are closed I explained to him that I had been waiting already for over 20 minutes and he mumbled something and said sorry the website says open 24hrs
I place mobile order at around 9:30pm and it was fast and no complains about my order.
This location has kiosk to place your orders only, similar to New York, then you wait for your number to be called to get your food. Staff was very busy, place was clean. Not super friendly.
It is unfortunate what I experienced in that place. A man entered in his wheelchair just to charge his chair battery to continue on his way.  and the manager of that store took him out of the place it was inhumane what she did with that poor person
This location Is usually clean,.. but not much Front counter assistance. Longest wait was 3 minutes.
This McDonald's uses a kiosk for inside food ordering. However if you have problems they will take your order personally. My meal was very good and fast.
The drive thru lane was fast.When I got the meal it was fresh  and  taste it good..But the only thing the orange juice was warm and the coffee they put their milk and sugar but it was no sweet enough.Also they forgot to give us ketchup.
Hey, we just left this place. Had a big order - lots of people hungry after getting to town late. Among other things, we ordered 3 orders of 20 nuggets, 4 large fries, a bunch of dbl cheeseburgers and a quarter pounder. Know what we got? A drink we didn't order, an apple pie we didn't order, an ice cream we didn't order, and one 10 piece nugget. In a big bag that looked enough like one that would hold our order - our bad, I guess, but our not checking closely enough just doesn't excuse just not getting 40+ $ worth of food. And then they don't answer when we try to call. Absolutely terrible store.
The park was amazing, LOVED IT! but the bus exit for the parking lot was HORRIBLE.  Needs to be designed choreographed and thought out better
The cleanest McDonald's I've ever visited. The staff was unusually helpful and attentive. The checked in with us twice in the dining area to make sure our food was satisfactory and offered to get beverage refills for us and to bus our table for us. Very well run establishment. A completely new fast food experience for my family. The food was good.
The people in this place could not get any more Dumber. Made it a point to order by the number on the menu board and they still are able to screw that up. Super great place to visit if your intention is to go through the drive-thru then have to park and go inside and fix your order each time.
I ordered through the app and it was ready in just a few minutes. The place is clean and the stuff is friendlyï¿½
I eat here once in a while when I'm in a rush or just need a good fish sandwich. Always good and fresh, never any issues with the drive though (which 99 times out of 100 is what I use). Good place for fast food. Drive through attendants are always quick and polite.
Came here after a negative experience with another McDonald   s. Super friendly people, quick service, and wi
They were very rude and food was cold. They refuse to let us inside and made us wait 10 mins for three sandwiches and when it was time to get the food two people were VERY RUDE. Next time I'm in town I'll never go to this McDonald's. They were slow, rude, and not friendly.
Clean location good staff thanks !
Food was fresh. Person at the window needs to learn manners. If a customer says thank you your suppose to say your welcome. It's customer service.
Had a confrontation with the girl in charge of taking drive thru orders, she took care of 3 cars in the left lane before taking care of us (right lane), then when I called her out on it she started yelling at me this was around 10am. The manager took over and was very professional, the order was taken correctly and nicely by the manager.
Food was cold. Cheese wasn't melted on burger. Is that all is that all is that all is that all after every item u order. I will tell that's all when I'm done ordering. Wow customer service is really bad everywhere these days.
Busy busy, the staff work hard all excellent customer service . Specially Megan.
Very bad so gross  didn't do clean up  ½ï¿½
Went at night at the request of my son since we had a very long day of driving. Bad move on our part. Ordered a filet. It was totally hard. Not just the bread. The fish was a hockey puck. Very nasty. Had to throw it out. The fries were the back up....thank goodness for those at least!  We also waited too long on line but his nuggets and fries were okay.
This is the only McDonald   s I know that decid
Pretty decent but the machines you go to for ordering was usually broken. I'm pretty sure the ice cream machine was broken at one point because we couldn't order any ice cream related products. All along it was a decent experience and I would probably go back again if I'm ever in the area again.
Excellent and fresh, hot, food.  The inside is spacious and clean. Friendly staff but I don't like the system where you have to order by yourself with the large touch pad, makes it hard to customize your order and confusing.  I'd rather just wait in line and have the attendants take my order like most McDonald's.  But at this McDonald's you must order at the touch pad by yourself.
Terrible customer service.....ordered from the kiosk, was the only person waiting at the counter and not one person acknowledged me. To make matters worse, the manager was assisting in fulfilling orders instead of delegating her employees. While they stood and had conversation I waited 15 min before I received a "Did you order?" Not even the management acknowledged me....can't expect good service if the management doesn't know how to give it!
super yummy stuff round the clock. If you plan a visit after midnight on Friday, Saturday or Sunday; expect long lines and extended wait times at the drive thru. always have cash handy since they may lot be taking cards at certain locations during the early hours. bon appetit!
"Friendly staff, always busy but food done in a good time and always hot. Restaurant kept very clean. Plenty of parking.
A good McDonalds to be fair."
They never seems to get our order right . Thank God we always check our food and for some reason I always have to go inside and they get in an attitude. So we will not be returning nor recommending to any of our friends or family
Quikly and S ½cure option near Saralago Suites on Kissemme. A classic option for children and th
We came here twice during our visit to the area. The first day, I would have given them 5 stars; the service was fantastic and, despite being extremely busy, they gave great attention to each guest. The second time, however, we came through the drive through and the service was terrible. It was very early in the morning, there were only a few other cars in line (maybe 3 in front of us?) and we were in line for at least 15 minutes.
"I needed a quick meal will on break at the Gaylord Palm business convention.

Pros: any location Im at from Shenzhen China to Hawaii to Orlando I can count on McDonalds when I land. They keep the same consistent taste world wide. as a business owner this is admirable. This location was efficient and fast.

Cons: we all know it's not the healthiest food but that had nothing to do with the location
So I only ate it once on my 5 day stay.
McDonald's should explore healthier options for the current market . But still a great experience

10 out of 10.

Stars : 5  ½ï¿½ï¿½"
Always clean and super fast ordering on the app
I had the worst experience at this location. I went to the drive thru and only ordered 2 hamburgers and a small fry. I paid and pulled up to get my food and was given the wrong order. I let the associate know it wasn't correct. He had me pull up to the wait window to get my correct food. As I sat and waited time was just ticking by. After 15 minutes of patiently waiting I wanted my food. No one came back. I knocked on the glass and no response. As about the 10th car received there food at the window behind me I had to get out of the car and walk back to that window as it was late and the inside was closed. I asked where my food was and he said he was making it. I asked for a refund and was given my slip refund a total of 28 minutes after first paying. I went back in the next day to speak with a manager to let them know that this happened. I had my receipt with the time and the refund receipt with the time 28 minutes later. He said oh I'm sorry they're new. Terrible customer service and uncaring management.
Service was trash, took them 20 minutes to take my order (no exaggerations... Seriously), can't even salt fries for some reason, and the employees weren't able to organize correctly. For example, at one point, there were three employees gathered around to fill one order. ONE ORDER!!!! Seriously??? I'd recommend going somewhere else then to spend your time and money here.
Never in my life have I gotten an uncooked, red middle burger from McDonald's until today!! Blaht!! YUK!! I nearly never, ever eat     from McDonald's let alone a quarter pounder w/ cheese and the ONE tim
Worst MCdonalds experience ever. 40 minutes and counting and no order. Don't ever stop here unless you want to get extremely mad
Employee was rude but it fine ï¿½ï
Waited in the drive thru for literally an hour. If we weren't trapped in line and had been able to leave we would have. They didn't give us any napkins and got our order wrong. The cashier said it's "always like this". Absolutely not acceptable. Especially for a McDonald's. Did they forget what FAST food means!?
Food was hot, but service a little slow.  Honestly, though, I've paid 5 times more at Disney and waited for about 5 times as long.  So, putting it in relative perspective, it wasn't that bad for this area.  We're going again this morning (I'm not a fast food fan, but hotel breakfast is just pastries), so I'll update the review if my experience is different.  If I were a local, though, I'd avoid this whole tourist-trap area on Irlo Bronson.
Service was terrible wouldn't allowed to use the app couldn't redeem point wouldn't let us use gift card I think they were pocketing the cash they overcharged us and forgot Burger
I'm sorry to give only one star. But during our visit were in the children's area 7 of 7 tables or seats are not clean. It was uncomfortable for me to sit there. There were many spots to see, unappetizing. if the area for the guests looks like, how is it in the kitchen. I do not want to imagine it. I will not go there a second time.
I felt so bad about how crazy busy they were that I wanted to jump behind the counter and help hand out bags! They did the best they could considering how hectic it was... and it was 11pm. It was pretty cool to see the kiosk that you can order from. Much rather order my food through that than a person.
Kind of touch and go with this location. Sometimes they're very attentive and sometimes they don't listen when you're trying to give them your order. Late night is when I've generally had problems with their service. Otherwise they are pretty good.
I placed my order at 7:33pm tonight and got the order at about 8:15pm.  I had to call to make sure they received my order. Apparently they either forgot or overlooked it.  Usually they would throw in a free item to make you happy..   not this place.
This was the worst McDonald's I've been in. We ordered using the kiosk and  they had numbers to pick up and take to your table where they would deliver your food. We waited 20 minutes for the food and it was dropped on our table without any courtesy. The coffee I ordered was missing as was the cup for my husband's drink. He went to the counter to get it and they didn't believe him at first. My coffee had the label on it for what I'd ordered but it didn't have any sugar in it so I added one and stirred it, took a sip and got a mouthful of grounds. The egg and sausage mcmuffin was cold as were the hash browns and  the coffee was tepid. I assume it had been ready quite a while before it was delivered. Usually when I get this meal things are quite hot. The whole thing was pretty dissatisfying and put me off McDonald's for a while. The staff didn't seem to be receptive to complaints so I made an online complaint on the McDonald's website and we left.
I placed an order about an hour ago only to find out that half of my order was missing. I called this location to let them know that I was missing half my order. The manager, Judith, stated that if I don't come before 4am them I'd have to wait until the next day to receive my order. Although I do understand that their menu items are schedule based, I think its highly unprofessional to turn their problem into mine. I understand that my items were not available after that time, but she was extremely unhelpful in finding a solution to the problem they created. I asked to speak to a manager and was told the manager is on vacation. The call ended with her stating that she does not have time to deal with my problem because they are "too busy".
"I want to apologize to anyone that I recommended this particular McDonald's to in the past.
This was the restaurant that I used to recommend to tourists when they were looking for a fast place to eat that was away from the Disney parks, but still close enough to get back to the parks quickly. At that time, it was worth it. The menu was cheap (or at least what you know to expect from a international chain) and, since it's a chain, you know what the food is gong to be like.
So, let's look at what you need to do if you are a member of a chain of restaurants. You need to set yourself apart with your service. This WAS the reason I used to recommend this restaurant. Sadly, I don't think they care anymore. The last time we went, half of the kiosks weren't working. One of the three that was, didn't print receipts. (This plays a part into why the service was so atrocious. Actually there was a lot that played into it.) Now, if you've gone to McDonald's at all recently, you know you pick your food at the kiosk, get a number that you take to your table, pay at the kiosk, sit down and wait for your food. Typically all of that takes about five minutes. Well, this day (and what I've garnered from tourists and locals, on many other days) the team at work decided they weren't going to bring the food to the table. That would have been fine if there was any indication ANYWHERE, but of course that would have been a form of service so that didn't happen. After about 15 minutes of trying to find a place where we could all sit together (only a slight exaggeration) we were told by other customers that were leaving that they weren't calling numbers and you had to wait at the counters.
Ok... So I go up to the counter and wait. We get our food 40 minutes later, and there were the obligatory mess ups that we had to get corrected. No big deal, we are used to this.
My in-laws are visiting and at this point I'm trying to figure why they haven't received their order. It dawned on me  that my father in-law doesn't have a receipt (remember the machine that wasn't printing receipts?).
The person calling numbers is calling the number on the receipt, not the tent number. Apparently, my in-laws food was ready in a master of minutes (amazing since that is all customized) and placed in the ""abandoned order"" area. If we hadn't said anything, they would never have received their food. The lady never once called a tent number. We told another person of the lack of receipt problem. That information never got transmitted to the person calling the numbers. When we spoke with her and told her their was no receipt, she asked us what the receipt number was. We had the tent card in hand and pointed at the receipt plastered on the ice cream machine, and she asked again for the receipt.
Aside from the travesty that was the most important thing a restaurant is to do, the place looked like a slightly cleaned up version of a break room at a local dump. I'm not sure if they just didn't staff well on this shift, but like I said, I've talked to a few tourists and locals and they all say it had been this way a while."
Hands down the worst McDonald   s I   ve ever experienced. Rudest employees. Lady in drive-thru looked like a manager and was infuriatingly rude and just a horrible person!! The young girl at the register refused to acknowledge me turned her head and walked right by as I tried to ask for help! Other people ordered, ate, and finished there food while I stood there unacknowledged for over 10 minutes waiting for 2 double cheeseburgers and a fry. A guy was just leaning on the counter doing nothing and walked away when I said I could not wait any longer. Never got my money back a
The only reason that I stoped to buy at McDonald's was because of my youngest daughter. But what we experienced today put an end to it. The employees at this location did not maintain an order serving  customers in the drive thru area. As you noticed, there are two lines in the drive thru and they are supposedly serve in a first come first serve basis but that was not the case. The associate, instead of been polite, talked to us in a not too pleasant tone. I did not wanted to make things worst so we placed our order and moved on to pay and pick up. Luckily the manager was close by and had the opportunity to address the experience. I hope they take this opportunity to improve their customer service skills and provide customers a much pleasant experience.
"Really slow service, took over 15 minutes to receive the food,  after it had been delivered to another table.

When it did arrive, the chicken and burger were cold. Duly sent back, to be fair they were remade and brought pretty quick, but no apology."
Take the extra 5 minutes to go to a different location!!!! My entire order was incorrect and stuffed into one bag which broke 2 seconds after it was handed to me. The person who took my order was more interested in rushing me then looking to see if it was correct. Went inside to speak with a manger and turns out she was the one who bagged my order! I then got screamed at by some young wanna be Rico suave who should   ve been in the kitche
Always a favorite, McD's is still serving up all the favorites - we were there for breakfast and had a short wait. Alas, no dining room availability at this location for now. Very reasonable prices, of course, and some delicious NEW breakfast pastries!
I stopped here yesterday for a quick breakfast on my way to work. I got a bacon, egg and cheese mcgriddle, the hash brown and a caramel frappe. I ended up with food poisoning  
Normally I would give this restaurant five stars but today service was really slow. I placed an order for two Egg McMuffins & a large french vanilla coffee. My wait time was approximately 10 minutes. I also believe on this particular day the restaurant was understaffed. Again usually this restaurant is a five-star McDonald's just not on this day.
"First time I had been to a McDonald's in America. It's certainly nothing special, but there isn't anything wrong with the location.

Food was fine and it was cool to try the different items from the menu. Also, yes, french fries taste the same whether you buy them from the UK or America."
I will admit this was a first at this location as it is always so busy when I arrived there was a line almost out to the street and this is a double drive through was worried I would be there a while but only took about ten mins as they moved quick and to my surprise my fries were fresh and hot. Best fries I have had in a while. Also got a cheeseburger and I must admit I was also pleased as I hate it when I decide to actually eat 1,000 calories and my cheese is thrown in my hamburger and not even melted yucky. But all was right on this last time. Good cheez burg& ï¿½ï
Ridiculous.. i am not one to ridicule, this is pure ridiculousness... I should not have to check behind people that are begging for higher wages and they can't even get a kids meal right... you forgot the nuggets and I also ordered fries and apples... I received  double fries,  no nuggets, as well as missing the sauces that were to accompany the nuggets. I tried calling when I arrived back. No one answered the phone!!! Here is your negative review that could've been rectified with you answering the phone to address these issues
Slowest McDonald's I have ever been to in my life. Took an hour just to order in drive thru... Then took another 20 minutes just to get our food (orders 2 burgers, apple pie, and 20pc nugget so shouldn't have taken to long at all
Busy, under staffed, slow service, condiment stand a mess, out of lids, ketchup dispenser broken.  I ordered to eat in and my food was delivered to my table in a to go bag!  Why take a number and have an associate bring a to go bag to the table????  Very,  very ill-run and poorly  managed location.  Just  awful.
I should never have to wait more than 5 to 10 minutes for fast food. Waiting for over 20 minutes in the line now and I still haven't gotten my food. I understand this is Midsummer but they knew this was coming before hand. They should have the staff and the facilities to handle the business demand. This McDonalds sucks
I love this place, I've been to this place for year's and not even one time a worker has been rude to me.
Unnecessary long wait time in drive thru. Drive thru is built for double cars and double pick up windows but still stayed behind 4 cars for 30 minutes. Only waited due to long drive home with kids in the car. Rude staff as well. Really wish I had noticed the Burger King across the street earlier. I would have even settled for checkers across the street and that's saying a lot because I don't think anyone willingly eats at checkers
McDonald's is ok. I just wish they wouldn't pester people in leaving while the kids are playing in the play place. I mean I get the no loitering, but we bought food, and kids are just trying to play and they didn't really finish their own good. They just wanted to enjoy the empty play area
I have ordered many times from this mcdonalds, how do you screw up a cheeseburger? I asked for no ketchup, no mustard, no pickles, no onion. I got no condiments and NO MEAT! I mean really, learn to read and pay attention. This is my 3rd time this has happened.
Extremely rude and impatient. I asked for 3 water cups with my 40$ meal and I got a glare and only one cup.  Then my brother who ordered a 20 piece nugget went up to ask for sauce because they didn't include any that we asked for, after waiting patiently and then asking several times he got 2 of the 4 he asked for.  He came back frustrated with only 2 so I told him to go back for more. He asked the manager 4 times to her face very nicely for 2 more and she just looked at him each time and went the other way. Eventually a kind fellow customer next to him reached over the counter and just took sauce for my brother. Not impressed
Double check your orders. I got someone else order and when i took it back. The employee placed it back to give it to someone else. I told her I touched the burger to throw it away. She looked at my face and lie that she threw it away. Horrible attitude from the cashier. Order was not completed.
Female cashier was rude and was very unprofessional. If you are a tourist and don't know when it is cash only you don't get a receipt do not yell at the customer like we supposed to know what is going on. The only good thing about going was lemuel he was a great help. I would not want the girl to serve us with that attitude.
Long line at kisok, which was only way to order due to lack of staff. Difficulty using my coupon since ordered from kiosk. Tea was weak, had been sitting awhile. Terrible experience
Worst customer service ever!! I was invited to come in after having to wait over 45 minutes on the drive thru. Manager Priscilla calls me to apologize and invites me back with my family, I explained I cannot come back next day, but would come following Sunday, she agreed and hung up. On Sunday I come to the restaurant and there is another manager Cynthia who I explained the situation and she grunted the whole time she took the order. While on the service line, she tries to contact the manager and right there from behind the line, she asks me yelling, what is your name, I tell her and again in front of EVERYONE, other customers included, yells again, "she tells me you came in already!!" I replied NO, at this point I'm embarrassed and upset and I hear her that she tells the person on the phone I already put it down. Twenty minutes later, I finally get the order. I ask her to change the fries on some of the things that were ready because they were cold. The manager grunts and agrees to. After my family were done with their meals, we had ordered ice cream and we asked to hold off until we were done. When we returned, we asked for the ice cream and we had asked for chocolate, they said that we had ordered vanilla and the manager gave us one less of what we ordered. Incredible! Bottom line, we were invited to come back to make it up for bad service and McDonald's came through, we got yelled at by the manager, embarrased, long wait for food, missing food items, and pissy attitude by staff. Next time I get invited back I guess I gotta read the fine print or ask for what am I invited to come back for. Sorry that we don't have negative stars because this location would take them all.
Only go here because it's open late. Food not always the same presentation or great tasting..but it is McDonald's. What do you expect.... You know when you go there what you're getting. Cheap food..poor customer service.. And maybe your order correct.
It was ok lil wait because busy but not too bad and food was ok.also
After waiting 20 minutes for to go food (which I get/it   s orlando) there was so much butter slathered on our egg/cheese and bacon bagels they went in the trash. W
Awful experience at McDonald   s. Waited over 20 minutes for food after ordering, eventually collected our food myself despite ordering table service. Food was sat on the counter in a bag whilst staff were stood around not doing a lot. Food was cold. Every table was waiting for their food and the queue to collect was almost at the door. Order was incomplete and had to queue up again to collect t
they took forever and it was hardly busy, i asked if my order was ready after waiting for like 20 minutes and was told no, just to be handed my order less than a minute after, it was sitting there the whole time, and the female working the register was disrespectful for no reason.
I visited this location during the morning rush. The store was clean and the staff was very punctual. My son and I received our food within 1 minute after ordering. This location looks as if it was recently updated and it includes a playland for the little ones. Based off of today's experience I would recommend this location to anyone visiting.
This location is frequently busy and if the general manager isn't on site, the dining room and play area become dirty quickly.  Service is notoriously slow, and since they cater to primarily a transient crowd, there really isn't a need to improve.
Just stopped by my local McDonald's to pick up some breakfast items before going to work. The 78th Street Tampa Florida branch is always on their mark, quick efficient usually correct with my order of hot tasty food. I can't believe how much I've been eating at McDonald's the last 3 years after many many years of barely ever going there since I was a teenager in the 1970s. Food is definitely better than it used to be, and I love getting deals with their online phone app and food questionnaires for freebies from the receipts.
The food is always on the meh side. Luke warm, never hot and fresh even when it's busy and the employees are typically miserable.
New interior looks great. This location has the new digital ordering computers. The food came quickly and the staff were helpful. Only downside was that one of the card readers was broken and it wasn't marked
All I had was a hot fudge sundae, which was good. The restaurant did not have running water at the time though so I was unable to wash my hands in the bathroom or to order a soda. They legally should not have been open. They were still running things as usual though.
"Showed up 20 minutes before the menu change and was told I couldn't order what I wanted off of the advertised menu. When I question that to the employee they basically said they were too underpaid and lazy to make me chicken nuggets and all I could have was the two mcChicken sandwiches they had left... Or nothing.

Great customer service... NOT"
If it were possible to leave 0 stars I would. Absolutely zero customer service. The only interaction with both guys at the drive thru was when the order was placed, neither of them spoke a word in person. The guy at the payment window was too busy talking with the guy who would be the person to push the food out of the window and he couldn't be bothered to tell us which of the 2 pick up windows to stop at. I would say that the behavior could have been excused if they were busy, but they weren't at all. Yet even being busy doesnt excuse the gross lack of basic human interaction.
Excellent location with a large playground and plenty of seating for adults. The food is your typical McDonald's fare with nothing special to write about. They have a large parking lot, and the bathrooms were clean during my visit. My only recommendation would be for the managers and employees to meet up behind the restaurant or in the break room instead of right in front of one of the main doors of the restaurant. It made the place look like a corner store and cheapens the image of this brand. Their service was top notch and although they were packed during this visit the food came out fresh and without any delays.
"As usual the food prep people don't know how to read a order slip. Big mac no sauce no cheese.
What did I get? Big Mac cheese ONLY on it.
Ya'll did make it thru first grade so you could read simple 3-5 letter words? Right?
Just asking."
The manager Judith is extremely rude. She gave us cold meals we said excuse me she looked at us and walked away. 6 minutes later she came back to me after leaving me standing there just stared at me and I told her    I   m sorry my food is cold    she turned around grabbed me a new wrap handed it to me and walked away. Never saying a word. We had a second order and still had to wait. It is 
"This McDonald's was excellent,  the staff was courteous and professional and although all I ordered was coffee, it was delicious just as I have come to expect from most of the McDonald's I have been to.

It is comforting to be able to expect consistency from a restaurant,  no matter where I go in America,  so far, there is a better than 90% chance that the coffee, for example,  will be the same thing I am use to and desire."
It can get tight getting inside when there's a delivery truck next to the store. Most especially when you're going towards the drive-thru ï¿½ï
Just horrible service.. this is probably my first review ever and sucks it had to be a negative one.. if you don't like your job then it's best you quit without bringing down the company with you.. lady in the drive thru window at this hour was making fun of patrons trying to order and I happened to overhear. Not something you want to hear when ordering to be honest
The workers are pleasant and the food here is always hot and good.
Quick service, accurate follow up
They had a broken latte machine.  The kiosk already had our CC deposit.  It took very long to receive our CC refund because the manager had to perform the business, and the restaurant was overly crowded.  They used to make great cappuccinos, but it got to be too loud, and those machines broke more frequently than lattes'.
There is a theme with drive thru only restaurant's cold food and watered down drinks and if don't check your bags well enough before you drive away and your order is wrong you can't just walk back inside and get it fixed you have get back in line and start all over again! Open up the lobby people
Slow. Food often old.
This is one of the busiest McDonald's I have ever seen. Very modern inside. Most people were getting food to go so there was plenty of room to sit but so many people waiting for food. At least it was very fresh!
"If Mc D thinks Kiosk service is the future, I would SELL My Stock!
Probably the Worst Mc D experience I have Ever had..."
This place is ridiculously high compared to the McDonald's just down the street. $20 for what is normally $10. On top of it didn't even ask if I wanted any sauces with my chicken McNuggets. Do yourself a favor and drive the extra couple of miles to any other McDonald's
Good for a quick bite on the go with a busy day right across the street from Old Town this place is got an indoor playground which is nice. The kids enjoyed it the one time we came in and stopped and let them play. Unfortunately the last time we came through the drive-thru and there was a vagrant near the one entrance so that was a little unsettling other than that has McDonald's go it was okay
40 chicken nuggets and 2 large fries for 15 bucks!! Also the ice tea is the best in Florida
So disappointed... I entered this restaurant only to be confronted with a computer taking my order..  which was Not working!! No one noticed we were having difficulty.  So frustrating. Wont come here again for a long time!
Food and service was good , but not enough  working personal
The service used to be good, but nowadays it sucks! I always order by the app and they make me wait over 20 min, I got out of my car and with a no really happy face they gave me my order, the place was dirty and didn   t smell good at all, you ne
the drive-thru line is super long and aside from that, the people who should be taking your order there don't even answer when you get to the ordering station. It took us about 15 minutes to get a simple order and that was too long.
One worker was very rude and I over heard him cussing at another customer. My order was wrong and I had to go back to get it fixed.b
Great workers were very helpful. Eating area play area were clean. Men's bathroom was quite messy and the toilet paper holder was torn off the wall. Overall will come again.
Sat in drive thru for very long time to be told no fountain drinks no frappes no coffee and food was meh
OH EM GEE! BEST MCDONALDS IVE EVER BEEN TO.. MAKE A REQUEST FOR A WORKER NAMED MEGAN, SHES THE SWEETEST AND SO KIND. GREATLY HONORED TO HAVE GOTTEN THE EXPERIENCE TO GO HERE!  
Worst McDonalds I   
This location has slow service and horrible customer service.  The computer order machine was not working,  instead of informing custmers they said nothing. Orders were backed up and the staff acted like nothing was wrong. What kind of training is McDonalds giving their employees.  For such a big business  and being involved in so many charities you think , they would emphasize excellent customer service. McDonalds you are slipping.
This McDonald's was the worst i haver ever been in.  ZERO STARS. Floor in entrance was flooded. Bathrooms disgusting. Soda bar dirty and filthy with no ice. Garbage cans over flowing. 12 to 15 people inside with one person working the register. This after sitting in drive through fir 5 to 8 minutes without moving.
What is the point in having employees in a store if they don't help you? The employees talking to each other and when you want to place an order they tell you to place it on the machine. The store was empty! What are they there for if the machine is going to take your order? They are getting paid to chit chat? Bad customer service.
We ordered through the app and we just went up said our order number and our order was ready by the time we got to the window and nothing was missing! Fantastic service!
Very clean and it taste as usual
Thought it would be a standard mcd   s however after placing our order and putting the table number for the meal to be delivered to us, it wasn   t. We went to counter to find part of the order sitting there then we were given the order with a lot of items missing ½
Absolutely the worst service I have ever had at a Mcd's. The place was busy and lacked the people/system to handle it. Customers angry having to wait so long for food while others had to return theirs because of inaccurate orders. It took me 20 minutes to get a simple order - one chicken wrap with sweet tea.
Got the order wrong. Went back. They told me to pull up 2nd window.  They forgot me. Then got the order wrong again.
If you like to sit in the pick up line for 20 minutes and when you finally get your food it is not at all what you ordered then this is the place for you.
Credit card processing down, it happens. But let me know instead of telling me  after 45 min in line. Sharpie paper and some tape .
The facility is a contemporary fast food restaurant with self ordering stations; making orders fast and reliable. Notwithstanding, the manager needs to work in interpersonal tact with her staff. Ultimately, the store next to McDonald gives customers a "free gift" if you bring your McDonald's receipt.
Food was decent until I found a tooth pick in my fries , unfortunately there wasn't anything I can do or say since I was just passing through on vacation from Chicago
"I frequent the drive thru here quite often and since their update the speed of service has increased.

Even though I am trying  to eat healthier these days I just can't stay away from my all time favorite Egg McMuffin. These ladies and gentleman are always fast and friendly  with a delicious sandwich."
Spent 15 minutes in the drive-thru,  most of which was sitting at the window waiting for my food. Didn't get a straw, my double cheeseburger had no cheese and my son's happy meal had no toy. All I ordered was a a double cheese meal and a happy meal and you couldn't get either one right even after a 15 minute wait. Completely unacceptable.
The ice cream machine was actually working at this store. Drive thru speaker was hard to hear. No wait and quick service.
If I could rate a 0 I would. I didn't even get my order because I had to wait so long. What fast food experience EVER!
Not from Florida..but every McDonald's I visited in this area was some of the best experiences you could ask for. Nice people. Fast fresh food. Super fun play areas, no complaints whatsoever.
Nice place to eat anytime you want. They are very busy. People come by the bus loads to eat hamburgers all over. It's a tourist trap. Cheap and hot food. Your money goes far. Most people go there for a quick meal and internet which is free.
3 stars for being a clean and friendly McDonald's but it'll never be a 5 star stop because they NEVER have ice cream. Doesn't matter where you go there's a 90% chance they are out or the machine is down. Morning? Down. Afternoon? Down? Nighttime? Down. Halloween? Down. On Halloween?! Yes, completely down all night. I know that ice cream machines being down is a running joke but this location is the king of it.
The staff here is not friendly at all. Where I grew up, you greet somebody, or at least say something. The drinks tasted horrible.
Absolutely Terrible Food ! No OPTIONS for Anything even remotely Healthy,  The staff is polite,  but McDonald's You WILL continue to lose business!  People are finally looking at All the disgusting ingredients that's in the production of your food. Even the yogurt has MORE SUGAR THAN A SUNDAY , I wouldn't even recommend the fries , Unless you want a Heart attack , with  a side of High blood pressure and Diabetes with a POSSIBLY of cancer, then okay go for it .
Absolutely the worst service! They "can't figure out the mobile app orders" when asked how to fix issues with long wait times the ride staff just says "what do you want me to do?" If you like people being rude to you and very slow service this is your place to not eat!
Very close to Disney.  Clean and quick service.
They did not get my order right at the drive-thru, so I had to go back and was late for work
Seems like the more one goes to this location...the worse it gets....toasting an English muffin should not be a difficult task... it wouldn't be bad....but lying about toasting it .......Shame on them.....apparently after a certain hour it is..not a priority to make decent food for the public......or decent fries...not to mention a double cheeseburger... simply gross.. Good grief....this place is certainly disappearing from my list of quick stops...to keep going by  cause Checkers is right down the road...
Have to place your own order. They forgot some of our food. Bathrooms smelled. Play area still closed.
"Very busy. Very dirty. One cashier and at least 10 people working. Line was long, the boy taking orders was moving at half the speed of smell.

I watched four groups walk out. We should have followed."
First 5 star I ½ï¿
"I have been staying at the Holiday Inn next door to the McDonald's for four days now. Every morning we walk over to McDonald's to get bacon, egg, and cheese biscuits and hash browns. EVERY SINGLE MORNING that we've went over there, we have gotten hard, rubbery, cold, biscuits. Their hash browns are hard as well, and there is so much grease that it runs down your fingers when you pick it up.

I called the manager and she was very polite and replaced my breakfast with ""better biscuits"". However, the replacement biscuits were undercooked. They were very doughy. I do not recommend this place to anyone. The convenience to the hotel is not worth the terrible food."
"Just went and got 4 McChicken, 1 Large French fry a medium one and a cheeseburger.

The entire order was old. French fries were saggy like and old lady titis. The McChicken tastes like they were cooked a month ago. Aaaah wait no coke because the machine was down. First is the shake machine and now the coke. Come on man. Worst MCDONALD Ever fuuuuck"
Totally hit or miss.. Old town is near by . So Friday nights and weekend's are busy at night. However, decent staff and consistent with the chains food quality.
I visited this McDonalds on my way home from Walt disney world with my kids 8 and 13. I went through the drive through so I could get back on the road to get home our order was not right onions on everything we asked for no onion and short a French fry. Also has no ketchup in the bag and I asked for more because our kids use a lot and was told no it was in the bag. I do not recommend the drive through.
Horrible service. General manager was in the store at the time. Was punishing an employee in front of everybody. Should've been more professional and took him in the back area. I waited 10 minutes no one in front of me and no one in the drive thru and my food still was not fresh. Don't recommend this location unless you can't get to a different location.
Very busy,  mad customers, long wait times for orders.  The staff is trying their best but can't keep up.  They need a new streamlined process and only one conductor.
Food was fine but line at drive thru was slow possibly because girl working window was more interested in texting then waiting on customers
I guess when you're in a tourist area you don't have to worry about pleasing your local customers for return business. Stale burger buns, cold and burnt french fries.  Medium fries box was about 2/3 full.  Drive thru employee didn't say two words to me beyond the price of my meal.
It's a good place for fast food
The Asian looking manager killed my vibe. I was asking questions about their cafe drinks in a bubbly tone and he just replied in a really monotone voice. I was trying to make conversation and he just ignored me.... now I feel awkward as hell...
The line for drive thru was out to the street! Not their fault it is not the first time. Once I got to pay point it was quick.
I went through the drive-thru at this location and ordered a big Mac a large fry two McDoubles as well as a medium caramel frappe however when I return to my room the big Mac was missing as well as the cookies so I drove back up to the location I've now been sitting here over 20 minutes and nobody has come outside to let me know what was going on I would highly recommend finding another McDonald's to go to seeing as they don't seem to care about their customers
Not enough staff to take orders. While I had a very basic order it was wrong. Didn't make a big deal just left. Very clean restaurant however!! Also needs to have more English speaking associates
The worst McDonald's I've been to! Went in around 10 maybe 11 at night after visiting disney on the way back to our hotel. Went inside because the drive through line had at least 10 cars, no big deal. I was ordering a carryout. Anyways they forgot the chicken nuggets for the 10 piece chicken nugget meal. I wasnt about to bring my two little ones back out so I called the store. I told them what had happend and said I would be back sometime tomorrow afternoon and to just get it then (my boys love McDonald's) she said that would be fine and she would be there the next day. I asked her name but it couldn't really understand what she said because she was talking fast. Anyways I go back the day and told the lady at the drive through what happend, she didn't know what to do and had to get a manager the manager comes on and asks who I spoke to and I told her I didn't remember but she said to bring my receipt in and she would take care of it. Manager didn't believe me. I ended up just buying another one and I know its literally only a few dollars but it was the principal.
Quarter pound CB although made correctly with no onions was raw in the middle (not noticed until my husband was already almost done eating) then he just threw it away, hopefully he does not get sick. Kids meal CB ordered with no onions (not rang up that way) was covered in onions! Lessons here: cook outs not being done to make sure on quality & not serving raw product & cashier needs a little more training....because when I ordered my CB kids meal with no onions & a Large diet cook as the drink. He did not put on there the no onions & then asked me what did I want to drink.
It's really ridiculous that I'm coming every day for my breakfast at this branch and they don't care about customer satisfied, every morning I ordered 2 hot coffe and they gave me cold one! Again and again it happened
If this is the location next to Old Town, I love it. My food was fresh and everybody read accommodating  
Tepid food after waiting 15 min is not cool.  Florida McDonald's needs to step up its focus on food preparation.  When their fries are hot and fresh you can't get enough.  But cold #"%$= enough said
Probably the fastest Mc Donald   s in the area. I saw a big line of cars, but spent less than 10 minutes until I left the place. Even inside the attention via the se
If I could give it NO STARS, I would!!  We waited MORE then 20 mins (inside) for our breakfast!  Ok. I can see if you are that busy & need to make the food...after 30 minutes we got cold food & the hashbrowns were so dripping in grease (and cold)....disgusting!
Food was good don't like self order screens
Great location friendly service pleasant staff!! Our food was delivered fast and hot. I ordered coffee and it came out just as expected! Hot and delicious!
Truly one of the best Mc Donald's I've every been to! Best fries, the Big Mac actually looked like the photos you see! Being close to Disney, this location clearly works hard to make a great impression on tourists and it shows.
Morons running the restaurant. The $6 meal is a rip off. We asked if we could get the same deal but sub a side salad. They said yes then they over charged us and yold us "oh no substitutions." Watch your tickets and repeat your order three times so the cashier and shift supervisor understand what you actually want.
1st night in Orlando in vacation. Drive thru was packed so we went inside. Waited for 10 minutes and manager said lobby was now closed and we had to leave
The place was clean, the washroom stalls needs repairs and it was clean but smells like urine big time. Staff are friendly and helpful. Thanks, Rick Stasiuk, Wetaskiwin Alberta Canada T9A 3R2
The girl who takes the payments is SO RUDE! If you hate your job, look for something else or at least treat people nice.
This is quite possibly one of the worst mcdonalds I have ever been to. Multiple times we have ordered mobile and whenever there is an issue the manager on duty blames us. He even felt the need to come out to my car and berate me over it.
During the Daytime its alright, but at night they block one of the entrances with trash cans and lock the other one. (EVEN THOUGH THE SIGN STATES 24HR DINING ROOM) So you're forced to drive through. I didnt expect much but whatever....
This particular McDonalds across from Old Town, is a hit or miss and I went to try the new chicken strips as an entre with my #4 chicken sandwich meal.  Before I left the lot from the drive through I checked everything.... The strips needed more cook time "my opinion" so I brought them inside and made the request.... Now it's McDonald's... you should expect some kickback or something but to my surprise I was really shocked and amazed that the order lady took it, told the M.O.D. and he says he can take care of it, he just needed about 5mins I told him no problem and waited. Now when I did receive it, he made sure he gave it to me, and when I got home to my surprise added an extra strip! 4 of 5 stars because the chicken sandwich was very delicious and the service blew me away but the strips I just didn't like.
Today Monday December 19 , 2016 This McDonald's Restaurant Has A Wonderful Services The Employees Name Is Miss Caprice & Very Happy & So Sweet & Very Helpful Food Is So Good The Morning Breakfast & The Hot Coffee & Ice Coffee Awesome The Big Breakfast Just Love It & They Have A Play Area For Your Kids To Run Around Fantastic Idea & Great Job McDonald's Restaurant Putting A Play Area For The Children To Play Around Perfect My 100% I Will Definitely Give You !!
The hours say they are open at 5:00am but it's 5:30 and the doors are  locked. I have been waiting for half an hour and still not open only drive thru I don't have a car so thats not helpful.
McDonald   s taste horrible through postmate ½
The food is good and the children's recreation area is very good but there is no supervision of any Mc Donald's staff to ensure that the play space is respected for children under 3 years of age. Big kids get into their space, push them, step over them and step on their parents do nothing or Mc Donald's. I never back with my kids
An abysmal excuse of a restaraunt, this location is a McDonalds only in name. With a wait time of 10-15 minutes at best for even the simplest order this location completely and utterly fails in its purpose as a fast food location. I strongly recommend any reader to take their time and money to ANY other location.
I   m assuming this is the McDonald   s on celebrations so that I write this review under the correct McDonald   s on Celebrations...Manager name with a J I think it   s Jasmine or Judy I think it   s Judy but young lady was not professional(she is blonde and worked around 11pm 08/04/18).. I ordered my food in drive through when I got it the food was not good the meat was burnt, the bun was hard , the sandwich basically looked really old.. I came in told her the situation not once did she apologize for the horrible sandwich... I had to ask for a new sandwich to be made instead of her even suggesting it...she took the sandwich food preparation ..horrible food poor management needs to do better !!! Took my money and went else where..this McDonald   s will no longer be geting my service 
Included in my bill items I did not order 
Went inside...nobody even acknowledged us. After 10 minutes we went through the drive thru and got our food only to get the bag with all of our fries put in upside down. Real nice.
We were visiting Orlando and I needed coffee. Service was fast. Staffs were friendly. The sausage biscuit taste like freezer. The coffee was good.
Cleaness McDonald's, friendly attentive staff!
Service slow. Manager was rude to everyone including girl on register. All 20 nuggets were cold along with the fries. When they didnt give me sauce rhe manager told me to wait even longer for her to get them.
For kids its probably nice but adults running through or driving through for a quick bite you have to basically explain what you want on your burger. Ordered 2 mcdoubles with cheese and 2 small fries and they were so dry they were kinda crunchy without cheese or even fully cooked. Had to trim off parts that were either undercooked or too hard to eat. And with burger being so dry its almost like you need a medium drink to even eat the burger, and sadly I started with the fries. And to top it all off after using a card in the drive through i never got a receipt. Never going back. Would rather go to checkers across the street.
Google says 24hrs drove up before midnight and lights were shut up. Multi billion dollar company but can't update Google hours or train their employees to speak and communicate.
Great breakfast burritos with fast service. Biscuit could break a window. That McDonald's quality everyone ï¿½ï¿½
I am visiting Disney and staying in a hotel up the street. Have come here twice after leaving the park between 11-12:30. Each time I have waited in the drive through for over 15min just to place an order and then another 20min to pay/get the food. Only reason I don't leave is nothing else is open.
The price is good using the McDonald's app with the dollar coke, what is the point of giving free French fries when they are cold. They were absolutely been trashed. Customer service was good this time.
"Read down place has changed a lot! Getting to be excellent place to go!

Not good, new construction is nice. But understaffed. Even at 2-3am you can walk in and find over half of the tables covered with trays and garbage. Also the floors heavily littered. Yes you are supposed to buss your own table at a fast food restaurant, but alot of foreign/domestic vacationers are just filthy. They just drop food and wrappers everywhere. When they are done eating they just get up and leave.
Host/busser is needed for the dining area for the sloppy pigs. More register coverage for the guests. When a crowd of people have to go through one register while the kitchen staff waits for orders is inefficient.
I have had 2-3 errors in my 8 visits. First one was when they put extra mustard on burger instead of adding mayo. Second was they ran out of hot fudge and instead of telling me they used the coffee chocolate topping for my Sunday's (yes 2 of them).
I caught the first error quickly and was easily fixed properly by management before I left. The 2nd error wasn't caught till we where eating the Sunday's at home. I took one back as proof of the error to get a refund. At first they only wanted to refund one but with several minutes of bickering they refunded both. Yeah it was only $1 and some change but it was the principal.
I walk to and from the restaurant since I have no car it is about one mile away from my home. I always request 2 plastic bag's for my food because the one paper bag they put my 6-8 burgers fails halfway home. The 2nd one is for the 3 Sunday's.

Another epic failure, ordered 2 mcdouble no mustard and onions. 2 bacon mcdouble  and 2 mcdouble regular. Received the 2 mcdouble wo/mustard and onions no problem. 2 bacon mcdouble had no bacon and no mustard fail. 2 regular mcdouble had no mustard either fail. 2 large fries ordered and received 2 medium sized fries and 2 of the smallest sized fries I've ever seen (guess they where kids sized) fail. The 20 peice fry came without incident. Less than 1/2 of the whole order came correctly....
7/16
Getting better and better, the manager Monique she runs a tight ship. Every time I'm in and she is there every thing is smooth sailing. A great thank you for your great service Monique!
7/18
Wow place was packed! Was able to wait just a short time and got my order. Looked around and yep there she was Monique steadily coordinating the staff! Must of been 30+ people in line only 5 min wait. Later I saw her again in the lobby assisting a guest with her drinks, both with smile's on."
I used to love this location. It is the close one to my home. But lately the service has gone down hill. Mostly through the drive thru where I usually get most of my orders! New management or what? Please quit thanking me so much and get my order right. Oh and when I say two cremes and 4 splendas in my coffee get it right. This morning the sticker they put on the coffee said 3 cremes and 4 sugars. I am diabetic. I tested it and it was not right so I waited to get to work and put one more splenda thinking they had not put the right amount. Drank about half when I noticed the sticker. That coffee affected my health because of the sugar! Their is kore but why bore you. Hope they change.
This Mcdonald was very clean, the employee was so respectful I enjoyed eating here. The restroom was clean I actually allowed my little one use the restroom without worrying. The play house full of kids and very playful
I had an order that was wrong. I went back the next morning and the manager gladly fix the mistake he was very professional very kind and I love this McDonald's I eat here almost every morning. It is a very good location the managers are very professional and friendly and I highly recommend this McDonald's above almost any other I've been to
Prince took my money and was a wonderful human being to transact with. He paid attention and knows how to give solid dollar bills change by asking for 55  ½
I've been at this location a couple times. Definitely a faster service compared with the ones i've visited so far. The lady at the drive thru seem like she actually cared so that's always a plus
Ordered mcdouble bundle no ketchup light onions and extra mustard I got cheese and pickles. The fries were terrible and my drink was fine.
& then they complain they get paid min wage. I'm aware this is a fast food place, so I don't expect to be treated like royalty, but the service here is extremely slow. The staff have no customer service. Avoid this place, unless you are literally in love with waiting
The never has the coke icee.
I had a great experience here. It's a very high traffic store but kids pretty clean, the staff was helpful and we got our food in less than 10 minutes after ordering from the kiosk.
I work at Ponderosa Steakhouse next door to this McDonalds. I have visited this location many times. When there is no business and its slow the workers just stand around talking like nothing going on. I've tried to place my order many times in hopes that I'd receive my food fast enough to get my food and head to work next door before I have to clock in and start my shift. The management is slow and doesn't help out as I figured they wouldn't. My mother went here as well after dropping my off at work to only experience this as well. Many people have to wait foreverrrrr just to get a simple order. The last time I went I just ordered an ice coffee French vanilla and instead of handing me the ice coffee they placed it besides a counter and made me wait 12 minutes for it. I didn't ask anyone this time because im just feed up with this location. If you want McDonalds DO NOT! and I repeat DO NOT VISIT THIS LOCATION!!! They care more about drivethrew then there customers eating inside or taking it to go!!!!!! I'd rare this place 0 if I could.
Was given completely the wrong order after having to wait more then 10 minutes for what should have just been 2 burgers and fries. Called repeatedly to explain the error and got a busy tone every time.
This is by far the worst McDonald   s EVER! The lobby was completely packed with people and they had one person on front line, they also made the food too early so by time the customers got their food it was cold and the employees were singing and goofing around and not doing their job, and it was very unprofessional! Finally the McDonald   s were short handed and the drive thru line was big, and they were extremely slow and it took them 20 mi
Very bad service. Theirs always a problem, to many workers not enough service. Too much hanging out like if their high school kids,  and they always have you wait in the parking lot for something,  and when it arrives they still forget something.
Slow as he'll and on top of everything I was missing food. After all the waiting. Never responded
The worst McDonalds ever! After standing in a backed up line with one guy running the register who had no clue! A manager finally steps up to help and still the line remainder ridiculous! I started watching people just walkout because of the wait. This McDonalds is in a prime location and you would think they would be better prepared. Chick-fil-A is a block down the street and has a smaller parking lot and they never have the problem this McDonalds does.
The worst mcdonalds in any country I have visited. Food is ok, but the service was awful! There were more people queuing to complain than there were people sat in the restaurant. Staff were slow and not interested. Took over ten minutes just to serve some fries!
Terrible service. Manager laughed in my face when I told them I was not satisfied with my food and service. I ordered the big breakfast without hotcakes. The eggs were old and half the portion that I normally get at any other location, the soda was flat, the coffee was cold and the staff is rude. This place should be shut down. Absolutely the worst McDonalds I've ever been to in my life.
I always go out of my way to go to this McDonald's they always make their french fries right well the way I like them the food is always hot service is always good looks like they're taking all covid precautions I recommend this one across from old Town
Worst experience ever long wait. Then when I got to window waited again. Till I literally had to ask WHY AM I STILL WAITING FOR MY FOOD. as bags were sitting right in front of me.. Total wait time at this McDonald's was like 20 mins. RIDICULOUS..
chicken nuggets had a lot of those chewy fat pieces and was stiff. if ur gonna eat here get a burger or sumn. Fries were tasty tho!
The line was long but they moved us right along all employees were friendly and courteous the food was fresh and hot I will definitely go back to this McDonald's again
Sitting in line at drive thru for 30 minutes.  Inside closed for whatever reason.  If your drive thru has a 30 min wait then why would walk up be closed? The owner of this place is an idiot.
Drive thru was closed today. 10/9 at 3:45am. Is it still 24 hours if the drive thru is closed and the dining room as well? Park your car and wait, or drive 7 min down the road to the next one....oh the options.
They forgot about me in the drive-thru after asking me to pull to the third window. If I could leave 0 stars I would. Finally went into the store to see my bag sitting on the counter for so long it needed to be remade.
"In a pinch, it's food. My burger was slipped all over the inside of the wrapper and floating in grease. I just ate the dry parts. My husband's chicken sandwich came without any of the toppings and completely drenched in mystery dressing. Fries were super old and had that old grease fishy taste. Sodas (coke and Dr Pepper) were next to flat.

We were starving after a long hot day so, we just ate it and tried not to think about it."
The Service is bad in special the drivetrue they never give the food correct and management are worse that the bad service that people receive they do not know the meaning of customer service. That McDonald's need to change does managers or give them a good training in customer service, courtesy and Ethical!
One of the better McDonalds.  Fast, accurate, clean.
I love McDonalds.  Been in my life all my life.  No bigger disappointment than waiting for my meal and getting lukewarm fries.  This one gave me lukewarm fries after I waited 15 minutes for my meal.  I hold McDonalds to a very high standard and, for me, the fries make the meal.  No exception!!
I waited 10 minutes in 106 ½F to be told I can only place two orders instead 3 in the drive through. It's 2016 and I'm only able to get blue Powerade instea
I used my McDonalds app and got some crazy discounts... but I'm still unsatisfied. The food is sad and old. Mr. Happy at the Expo looked like his life was over and didnt know anything about customer service.  The iced coffee was basically milk and creamer minus the coffee. I know this is fast food but damn, you guys didnt even try today.
Breakfast was good and the meals were delivered to the window accurately.
Slowest, most under staffed McDonald's I have ever been, everyone honking on the drive trun, people screaming they have been waiting forever, very stressful environment.
"Manages to allow something to screw up anything Everytime! I came here for 6 days in total. Normally I do not eat at McDonald's but this place is very close to where I'm staying.

They have new electronic ordering system using touchpad on giant vertical screen. Still gets my order wrong 80 percent of time... What? Asks me what drink I want. Then I just get the cup so why ask me? One day, I leave the locator number on table while I go bathroom. Locator and food is gone. Takes me a while to get it sorted out.forgets my drink {again)

One sauce dispensor just explodes pop knocks the container out of my hand under strong pressure. Gets little sauce on my clothes, not too bad but Jesus Christ... One night, lot of drinks do not work except for coke (yuk)  few other things not worth mentioning. They get swamped a lot nad hardly can keep up.

Otherwise place is relatively new looking as well as private bathroom with your own stall and sink. Clean."
Very clean and well organized McDonald's.  McDonald's even has an indoor play area for kids, with a slide. I would highly recommend eating here on a rainy vacation day to allow your children a chance run off a little energy.
Very disappointed that there was no indoor seating. Doors were locked. Drive-thru only. Needed to sit at a table and eat. Decided to eat elsewhere.
I ordered off the screen. It said take number and they will bring it to the table. Well the manager got my order together and got it totally wrong and then stood up there call the number and made me come get it. Did not receive any of my drinks. Went back up there a day the manager was not nice at all. Will not visit again.
Don't like to order on a machine
Jenny or wherever name you have my dear, pls listen to your customer. God bless your heart  
Ordered the new strawberry sundae, too expensive. Tasted like strawberry jelly was used, too sweet and thick. Just order the regular sundae you get the same amount of ice cream. Took way too long to get my sundae.
I have an 8 year old lady, a 7 year old and a 3 year old. Mickey D's is apart of their life whether i like it or not, and its convenient. So chicken nugget me to death.
Went here to get food got the completely wrong Order in the bag. And the workers want to make 15$+ an hr. How about do your job correctly first.
So. When me and my family were getting McDonald's. when I ordered a bacon mcdouble with ketchup only, when I opened up my burger, it had pickles and onions on it when I didn't want!!!! I was waiting in the car for 10 minutes for my food. Not coming here again. I'll go to a different McDonald's from now on!!
Showed up here order than quarter pound of wwith cheese meal large and a given order to other people and I'm still waiting on it I wouldn't come here
Priscila the 3rd shift supervisor\manager on duty does not care about costumer. I   m regular in this McDonalds and usually go on second shift and they are great! But Priscila was not wearing a name tag so I had to ask her for her name, Treat me like nothing. She really needs to work on her costumer service or go to anger ma
Fast,friendly, service.  Good quality lunch. ½
Ruse as could be. Opened window and reached out with food while not even looking at us but to something else to his left! We tried to ask for something but he gave the window a shove shut and walked away. No eye contact was made. He didn't even pasture his body toward us. Horrible experience being made to feel invisible!
Been to this location several times, only problem is the amount of time waiting for food for dining in & take out orders..... Always made food according to order.... Friendly staff, kind service. Kiosk could use work as the mcpick 2 is not on it and u will pay regular prices if not careful!!!! Otherwise, great!!!
This McDonald was very very good got me what I want and got it quickly I went to another McDonald's on South Orange Blossom Trail and it was a worst experience I've ever had I speak Spanish and you Spanish people that are absolutely racist and didn't want to even help me I don't know what the problem is but I don't think they should be working there what state was they were making saying nasty things about me in Spanish I understood what they said because I speak Spanish that you didn't know that
Food was fresh and hot and actually looked like a burger should definitely better better than what we get back home in GA
Had a crispy chicken sandwich which was ok, small case and fries which resembled a form of spaghetti. I should of gone to Chick-fil-A.
Food was fresh, albeit the service was a bit slow. A very good McDonald's that I will most definitely be going back to.
Very fast and efficient and the manager was very friendly despite the location being under construction.
36 mins to get food and got told it's because we had a large order.   Service was super slow.  People waiting 30-45 mins for food is ridiculous. Oh and by large order it was 4 Happy meals and a couple 2 for 3.  Ugh very disappointed
Keith was by far the best fast food employee I have ever come in contact with. He was so generous and helpful, truly deserves a promotion.
Nice food and nice play place
Waste of time. Run. Do not go there. You have been warned. They will waste your time, and mess your order up, three times in a row.... Amazing. Zero Stars is my answer but I had to at least click on one to get pass this part.
Fast service, nice play area. Clean store. The manager was out cleaning tables and asking if we needed anything. Play area had some broken equipment, but overall it was one of the best experiences at McDonalds.
An awesome McDonald's restaurant that serves food properly prepared,  quickly,  and at the appropriate temperature. This location has that McCafe remodel so it features comfortable niche seating,  charging ports for your tech, and other similar comforts that encourage you to stay and relax for a few minutes.
Horrible I ordered two mcDoubles plain pickles only and on attempt #1 I received two with everything on #2 I received a mcDouble pickles only and a single patty hamburger.attempt #3 I took the hamburger back and received a double hamburger.. So I asked for a refund..which I received.. But what really shocked me was the attitude I received for trying to have my order corrected. Bad business
Don 
They did not put my two big breakfast meals into the bag when I was in the drive through.   I called them many times and not even get a person to pick up the phone.
Legit the worst McDonald's ever .have the app can't ever finish my purchase day or night cause guess what they aren't taking app orders .. then Everytime I go it's cash only who the hell carries cash anymore ..this is my Fourth attempt I ma over it the only reason I am even going cause it's open late
"I visited this establishment as the kfc over the road was a let down like no other.
Only pro here was that I got what I actually ordered however what a game trying to order it.
The lady was not listening at all and just started adding anything and everything to my order.
She was ruder then my explicit Eminem album and when I finally got to sorting out my order it was awful.. My chicken nuggets tasted like chewing on the chickens feet fresh out of the pen.
My Apple pie was questionable to if it was even a pie or not.
They only gave me bbq sauces, like who doesn't want ketchup ???
The best thing about the meal was driving out of the establishment never to look back again.

2 start because it was better then kfc."
Service was fast but quality of food was disappointing on both trips
Amazing! The best McDonald's food I've ever had. Missing food I had to go back for but well worth it. The food made it okay. I didn't mind the inconvenience.
The manager Cassandra is very rude to customers and very unprofessional they did not acknowledge people standing at the register and then I asked if they were taking orders they reply with that's why the kiosks are there two customers walked. I work for Uber Eats as a driver picking up food and then I experience very unpleasant
Ridicules they still have the dining room closed. Even for take out . Not everyone can go through the drive through due to a truck and trailer .
Slow service and the apple slices were out of date
They forgot to put in the toy, milk and plum sauce in our kids happy meal and forgot the salad dressing for our meal. Never have I seen such a terrible Mc Donalds in my life. I have been in them all over the  world with constant quality till now
Went to eat at 3:40 am.  And the guy tells me that there's only mc chicken sandwiches. And that's all.  And if I wanted breakfast, I'd have to wait till 4 am.  Ridiculous.
3 trips here for a collective total of 45 minutes spent... They can't figure out the two lane ordering system... This is not FAST food by any stretch of the imagination... McDonald's are everywhere... Find a different one.
I was robbed.  I was charged on my bank card. and i was again charged cash.   I paid twice.  and got no refund.  all I got back. was a threat and an attitude.  no cash back
Very modern McDonald's, you have a kiosk where you can order and they brink your food to you. They also have a nice pkayplace for kids which looked new and we'll thought out with touchscreen computers for older kids. Very nice!
Fast Friendly Service at McDonald's I get plain Hamburgers across from World Famous old Town Tourist Resort and Car show in Kissimmee Florida
Employees in the drive thru were rude, they forgot to put napkins and straws in the bag, and when they brought the order to us in the parking spot they thrust it at my husband with a "here" and walked off. Very rude.
Worst service a cash only McDonald   s lmao (to be fair it   s 3am) anyway went through drive thru twice first in both lines and still didn ½ï
Very clean and very kind staff. The best McD I ½ï¿½ï
Very busy but line moved fast. Hard to get by other cars to exit that are in drive thru line, have to wait till line moves enough to pass.
And use the new ordering system at a kiosk and it was an interesting first time.  It Takes some getting used to.
Yes the area Mc Donalds is known to be busy, but they  had me pull forward and I waited for 2 teas for 20 minutes, after already waiting 10 to get thru the drive thru ,no apologies at all, the first set of ice teas where sour to the taste ugh
Didn't get anything to eat this time,  because they CLOSE THE LOBBY AT 10PM!!! Didn't go through the drive-thru cause I'm on a motorcycle. What kind of dingus closes half their store to customers in Old Town??
Took forever in the drive-thru(over 30 minutes) and the food was sloppy. They seemed pretty busy, in their defense.
great food. n service n mega clean inside n best part u can go inside n enjoy great breakfast. inside!!--
Good was great and the order was correct!! Great job McDonalds
Can get pretty busy but it   s right next to the holiday inn which is very convenient! It 
They were stink add no manners at the counter and took forever would not suggest anyone going Starbucks treat you better and it's down the road much faster
Not very helpful staff there machines for  orders doesn't work so good and they don't want to help people order
The service was good put their is now fish fella
Just avoid this McDonald's at all cost. Staff is rude! Food is cold. Just not worth it. Go to the one in celebration trust me!
Keith Was very helpful and accommodating. You don   t oft
I didn't hate it.  Why dies person taking order from drive thru window have such a hard time hearing the customers ordrr on speaker.
We waited 15 minutes for our food, then when we recieved our food, the fries were cold. The fish sandwich tasted like it was microwaved and the new chicken sandwich tasted like rubber
Food was on point and the order correct. .. Very generous with the sauces.. this area has great places
This is a very clean and nice McDonald's. Conveniently located. Easy on and off the highway.
They got my order right. Didn't have to wait long for food. Great place to go for late night eating.
Everytime I DoorDash I night they say they ½ï
Very deception what would everything that's done okay you go online then you got to go you go online and then then when you get there so it's a cop car order they looking at anything the way it should be looking at they say it's a big game it's like a game that would have been cheaper for me to buy what's on special than it was to use the app
Food is slow to arrive 17 mins for a mc double...  Most of the Management team is horrible and rude. The young shorter Hispanic lady manager is an asset and needs to be recognized..
Right across the road from Seralago Hotel, this was a great spot to walk over to and grab a quick, cheap breakfast. It's also situated in the strip of gift shops and across from "Old Town" amusement park, so it is very convenient to eat at when visiting those places.
Not so much fast food but still good food.
Slow service. Car park was rammed and difficult to move around due to the drive through vehicles being in the way!!(not really the fault of the restaurant except they could mark the lanes out better in the car park).
Pretty cool place! Very busy as expected but they served pretty bb fast.
Delicious hamburgers that definitely weigh on your belly on your way to bed and if you want to take a quick nap on a full belly  McDonald's is the place to go
Fast friendly service at this location which appears to have been recently remodeled. Lots of senior citizens eating breakfast in the lobby which is usually a tipoff of high quality service.
Horrible experience, hungry after a long day at Disney, we stopped in for a late dinner.took forever to take our order and even longer to get our order. definitely felt unwanted
They improved so much the Caramel Iced coffee and they have a sugar free vanilla Iced coffee low calories and tastes really good. Best prices too.
Good prices for large diet coke and ice cream cone.
Food cold and forgot items, food was replaced so only 2 star I'm afraid
My son got a vanilla milkshake it looked soupy and he tasted it and he said it had a off taste to it I told him throw it away, in a few minutes he was sick to his tummy . So beware .
"DOOR IS LOCKED EVERY SINGLE DAY!
HIGLY RUDE AND DISRESPECTFUL!
LETTECE IS SPOILED ALWAYS!
DO NOT RECOMMEND ANY MC DONALD'S IN KISSIMMEE!"
SLOWEST McDonald's I have EVER been too... secind time in 3 days coming here, first time was about 25 in druve thru, before ordering.. now been sitting here 15 mins, haven't even ordered yet.. long line but i have been in longer and taken care of...
Ridiculous staff was lazy rude and slow bathroom was disgusting I did not eat there and I was hungry so I just left
It was very crowded but the service was fast and the food was fresh.
The trash cans were overflowing, there were multiple spills on the ground that weren't bothered to clean, and every table was dirty. Food took 27 minutes and when it finally came it was cold. Never again
Only place open late on a week night so the wait time was extremely long.
Great place to have a cup of coffee. If you are on the keto diet, McDonald's has whipped butter. Yes it's real butter. Along with half and half. You could ask for whipped cream. Believe me there coffee tastes much better with butter  and cream in it .  They do not have Stevia . They can make you a keto breakfast. Which is eggs bacon and sausage layered.
Understaffed,   slow as a result.    Those that are working,  are courteous and apologetic..  what I don't understand is considering the location,  (Disney area)  that this McDonald's isn't better staffed.
Fancy on the inside. Food was what you 
They're not bad. So far I've never had them get an order wrong
For pure volume pretty darn efficient. Clean too all things considered.Use auto order screens. Faster. Didn't try drive thru
Sat in drive thru for 30 minutes. Food was cold. Manager extremely rude. Go elsewhere. This location is horrible.
Very clean.  Attentive staff.  As always reliable and delicious food.
My cousin assumed that we wanted 2 apple slices and 1 go-gurt, but we quickly changed to 1apple slice and 2 go-gurts, but they gave us what we first ordered. The food was rrreeeaaalllyyy ggoodd though! Mmm mmm mmm.
I ordered a caramel frappe with no whip cream. Upon getting my Carmel frappe there was whip cream. They were upset when I requested they fix my order to meet the way I ordered. When they handed it back to my husband, they had scooped out the whip cream and another quarter of the frappe. Very rude about it as well.
EVERY TIME THEY FORGET SOMETHING. And i mean everytime. I have heard conversations about general nonsense take priority over customers while waiting. The employees generally juat dont seem to care with the exception of a few
Stopped on my way to work at 6:15 in the morning drive thru full only about 5 people in the inside line . Waited bout 8 minutes no one took my order . Slow service and everyone speaking Spanish.  Walked out no food
Employees hardly speak english. I don   t have 20 minutes to waste because the workers can ½
Charged me .80 for white cheddar and .80 for a tomato on my mchicken. Order 2 McDoubles and only received 1. And I didn ½ï¿
They need better customer service. The people in the drive thru are so rude that I almost came out my professional skin. Get it together McDonalds. #192 McDonalds close to go cart place
They forgot 3sandwiches after they pulled me up n the food was not hot
Ordered online for curbside pickup. Waittime was ridiculous and ended up having to go inside to ask for my order. I don ½ï¿½
Good service and kind crew members. Always serve me with a smile (through the mask). Its a great start to my morning.
We really can't understand how hard it can be to complete our order. Every single time we go they make multiple mistakes n it's so frustrating.
If you   re going to do McDonald ½ï
the Worst    24 hours    McDonald   s I ½ï
Dosent stand behind promotion at ordering menu says if they dint mention the 2 for 1$ apple pies at the end of ur order u get one free lies they never mentioned it and i still had to pay for my pies beware!!
Horrendous service...was on drive thru for 10 minites...didnt move...went inside...took 15 minutes for 2 shakes and a fry...order was wrong...was ignored when i told them order was wrong..pretty hard to offend this new york guy...worst McDonald's i have ever been in!!
Disappointed - claimed Egg Mc muffin deal was over and charged outlandish price! Service not great - wrong coffee received after ordering DECAF and NO cream given...
It's always helpful when the staff is so cheerful and nice and they have great customer service!
Food was good but it took 35-40 mins to get it through drive thru
It was terrible, took forever. Only giving 2 stars because the McMuffin was good.
I've never been to such a horrible restaurant like this. It took over 1 hour to get fries and a McFlurry. Stay as far away as you can from this McDonald's. Nasty dirty facility too.
Very nice McDonald's, it was clean and the employees are very polite and friendly. The play area for the kids is different than others I have seen & the menu was electronic, which was a little annoying being that I was in a bit of a rush.
I didn't get much sugar for my coffee all milk and day getting served my Burger not my Burger my sausage mcmuffin didn't give it to me in the morning They got me for some money not a pleasant place to go when you hungry you want your food
Horrifically slow even when nobody is in line. The worst Mcdonalds I've been to speed wise. We gave it three tries and it was slow each time.
Every time I go there it always a long line when you drive pass the window you see employees standing around talking and laughing. They need move a little faster.
Never once have I gotten my coffee done right. Cream in sugar out. I got 35 cream in my bag. It was 8 cream in. I got no sugar. Crazy
Took 10 minutes to take my cash for order.then another 20 minutes to get my food.which was missing the drink for the happy meal. Not good
Terrible service, I think hands down worst mcdonalds I have ever been too. Manager wouldn't even come over to help. Absolute joke of a mcdonalds. Go 1 mile down either way and you will be much happier.
Not to thrilled with this one anymore,  used to love it when it was the world biggest McDonalds. Now it's like the others except for a few items on the menu.  Plus they got rid of the life size Ronald McDonald.
This is a newer McDonald's with a very modern decor. Service was fast and friendly and the food was about what you would expect for a fast food restaurant. Overall positive experience.
Because we had a big order they kept giving our food to other people who had smaller orders. People who ordered after us had already eaten and left by the time we got our food.
I waited in the drive thru line for half an hour, ordered my food, and not until I got to the window did they tell me they were taking cash only, at 11pm on a saturday? And when I asked to talk to the manager on duty they were no where to be found, mever returning to this location and would urge anyone thinking of it to stear clear from this horrible McDonalds
Staff friendly and helpful
Nice, clean and large McDonald's at WDW. Not a bad place to stop for a quick bite to eat going from or to the Animal Kingdom in between parks.
Burger was greasy and the fries tasted like the oil needed changed
Super slow...we waited an extremely long time in the drive through.  People behind us were beeping and honking because no one was taking orders in one drive thru lane.
Diet Coke dispenser spilled water, something was loose in the housing.
It ½
This place sucks beyond belief. Staying in a hotel next door have a semi for my wheels. Knocked on the door ask the manager if I could order a shake and get it at the door. I'm sure you can guess the answer
"AWESOME!!!FAST!!!
AND FANTASTIC FOOD!!!"
The worst place do even be doing uber the manager makes uber drivers wait and dont even put order thru tell u get there please speed up for me to keep doing uber here and i hope the gm sees this maybe she will make u speed up judith
The best McDonald's branch I have ever seen. Clean, big, and kid friendly. Electronic machines to order from are available.
Super long drive thru lines , I suggest u go in the lobby n place order electronically for faster service  
Fast drive through. The children enjoyed their lunch!
Waited in drive thru for 20 minutes had to go in to get our order.manager was great but they had everyones order messed up.
Everything seemed a little "dry", and our fries were only lukewarm.
Food it's okay, however the customer service is terrible. The few times I visited here the staff was rude, and unprofessional.
Worst prices hair in food stay away no self serve drink station
Staff is currently learning their job. While waiting for my food the had to correct orders for  4 people.
Long wait for food Sunday at 12:40 pm.  We ordered from the kiosk.  We waited longer than people in line.  Food was good.
Great burgers and fries!!!
By far the worst McDonald's that I have ever been to. The entire experience was bad, time consuming, and they didn't even get my food right.
If I could give a zero star I would. This place took 5 minutes to even greet me at the window. I ended up driving away with no food. Don't waste your time here.
The wait is 30 minutes, my nuggets where white in the center because they didn't separated them before putting in the fryer, all McDonalds that I visited near my hotel on kisseme took 30 minutes.
Good food but ,staff so bad, every one  even the manager
kiosks ordering in full effect.  take a number and sit down to wait.
One of the worst McDonald's in the nation. The food is usually stale or cold and is always made sloppily. When you complain they act like you are at fault for the bad sandwich.
No free refills. What a drag.
Too long waiting lines to get a very bad customer service. Food is ok.
Having kiosks, instead of human cashier, really a bad idea not fan of it. Taking my business to a different place were greetings,  and thank you is the most important thing!!
Like all the other McDonald's they're expensive underpaid understaffed and they close too early but that's because they're understaffed
Very clean, great party structure for the kids, and they have a "home made" iced tea, unsweetened!! Awesome!!!! Thanks
Very rude customer service. Go somewhere else
HORRIBLE I WENT HERE FOR AN UBER PICK UP AND IF YOU DROVE UBER BEFORE YOU CAN PICKUP THRU THE DRIVE THRU AND WHEN I TOLD THEM THAT SHE SAID "WE ARE REALLY BUSY RIGHT NOW SO YOU HAVE TO COME IN OR ITS UP TO YOU" WHEN I WENT IN I WAS EXPECTING A LING LINE. BUT INSTEAD THERE WAS ONLY 1 PERSON INFRONT OF ME. NOT BUSY AT ALL. THIS WAS HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE. MCDONALD'S NEVER LETS ME DOWN SMH.
Over 1 hour to go through the drive thru.  Only 20 cars.  Absolutely a mess.
Place was good. Sandwich and dessert were nice and warm but I did have a wait quite a bit.
They had someone who dont know how to take order and and everything was dry nasty and the coffee plus the manager was there smh
Waited almost 20 minutes for an order. There were only 5 cars in drive thru and about 7 people inside.  Finally I canceled and went to a sit down restaurant where I got served within 10 minutes.
False advertising. Drive through is open 24 hours. Diner closes at 10!
It's a messy please, the costumer service is very nasty they don't even pay attention to the time that people are waiting in line. I'm not going to gave them any Stars.
They missing a few orders of fries and 4 buckets of 20 nuggets but i understand because  they was busy in christmas, good guys and good service
Great service by a young lady in the morning didn't get her name but she gave attention to her customers and changed depending who the customer was great well done
Food was very good but quite a lot was missing from the order when we got home.
Great customer service a little slow. Food cooked right and order was perfectly taken.
It was good. Fast service. My sandwich was on the cool side but my fries were smoking ½ï¿½ï
Incredible slow, lines are out of control, understaffed.
Only visited once and drivethrough so don't know anything  about the place. But they where friendly
Horrible...order was all messed up. I asked for my food to be freshly cooked...&;I got cold fries
Great location, they ½
Fresh breakfast at 11AM
Super fast service and they did not forget anything!!!!
Total order mess up and the person taking my order hated his job. The only reason I know is because he told me.
This McDonald's is really hit or miss. I've had good experiences, I've had horrifically terrible experience. But I don't expect much because the people are underpaid.
Let's put it this way.....you better check your bag of food before leave. They can barely understand English let alone get your order right.  ½ï¿½
Food is always wrong
Good for some fast food this one is well taken care of clean bathrooms great customer service
It's McDonald's so not much to say except this location is always clean and efficient. Great double drive-thru!
This MacDonald's has not once given me the correct amount of nuggets. Lately it's been too many but there are several times where they short me. They've gotten my order completely wrong before too. They just seem to struggle a fair amount.
The service was terrible. They got my order wrong twice and they didn't have me my fries with my food. And the first time they miss something in my order.... ½ï
Food was good, but be prepared for a long wait for your food. It took 22 minutes from order to food receipt lunchtime on a Saturday.
The nicest and cleanest mc donalds I've seen since I come to US! Fenomenal atention and decoration everywhere! Everyone here treats the costumers great! 5  ½ï¿½ï¿½
Sometimes we have to wait for the food for so long... long lines cars at the drive thru.
Worse McDonald's I've ever been to. Twice I've been there and both times I had to sit there and wait almost 15 mins to get my food. The second time the staff was there in the kitchen taking pictures while my food was getting cold. Never again
It is clean and the orders came out fairly quickly even with the lunch rush. Overall a pleasant experience.
This is a good McDonald's to go to, they got the order perfect and had great customer service!.!
This McDonald's is my go to for the kids. They have a very nice and clean play area. Staff is always friendly and helpful.
Pay your morning manager more!!! She is a Rockstar keeping that place moving.
Manager came to the table, made sure everything was well. Quick service. Place does get busy
WORST McDonald   s EVER!!!  Awful em
Pretty good but my filet-o-fish was all crooked.
We waited in the drive thru for 30 minutes. It was late after visiting the parks all day and they were close to our hotel. I would stay clear of this disaster of a restaurant.
Slowest McDonald's I've ever visited.  Checked in on a pickup order for Uber.  Waited 15 minutes and they were so backed up that they hadn't even started on the order yet.  Will not be returning to this location.
the service was horrible I was very very disappointed they don't give you the right food that don't take that order correctly then-manager I don't know why they do on their time because you ask for manager and takes forever to come and assist you I will never go there again
Building is completely locked so can't use bathroom even after waiting for curbside.
Great Location Right Outside When You Finish From FUN SPOT 
Cash only drive through after waiting 30 minutes
They can not get any order right. My order took 3 remakes and finally I had to go in to the restaurant, after placing my original order in the drive thru!
The best mcdonalds. It has it all. Play area, arcade, had a fun time.
A drive through line around the building and into the shopping center parking lot that barely moved for 20 minutes made me drive off without ordering.
Employees are friendly, place is clean but lock in the mens room is broken. The food is pretty good.
Excellent! Kiosk order own food using CC or Debit. Fast service. Good breakfast
I dont understand because mc Donald is a fast food place and I go thru the drive thru and  the tell me that I have to wait in one of the parking spots in stead of grab and like any normal fast food.
The buttermilk crispy tenders are not crispy nor tender the meat is horrible the worst I've ever had why would I eat here when I can get some decent fries chicken and burgers at Culver's or some f the best fast food chicken from chik full  
Employees were friendly and efficient. We received our food quickly, as well.
They worked hard even as they were shortstaffed, would definitely go back again.
Not sure of manager name we called her peaches, she was wonderful.
This is a very cool place litteraly grew up on McDonald's anyone who tells you there food is bad is wrong it may be a little unhealthy for you but it's open 24/7 and has great costumer service I enjoyed this place a lot and so should you
Hands down the slowest service I have EVER seen at ANY fast food restaurant.
Everything was fine
Drive threw took forever we waited 40 minutes to find out there ice cream machine was down drive threw cashier was very rude and uncaring
Slow service got orders wrong but still kept people waiting while rest of their food went cold worst mc donalds I've been to for service
Do you feel as bored as my friend is well this McDonald's will not get you bored they will serve you good food hot honest and right and are great twenty-four hours a day
If you need food late at night after work (2-3 am), don't count on this place because they take at MINIMUM 20-30 mins to send you through the drive thru.
Fantastic food for a fast food chain, Staff very friendly, My Son gives 5 out 5 stars for food as in England he is always sick afterwards with the oil.
Long lines at this Kissimmee location right by Old Town, but fast moving and good service. Placed a big detailed order and everything came out correct.
If the app says you can dine in there than you should be able to dine inside
Usally the location I visit is on the money both with over allservice and cleanses, how ever this particular day the place was a total mess and service was horrible when it should not have been because it wasn't busy.
Worse c/s ever! Unreal, people just DON'T want to work. This team bust gave up!
Great service. Super fast
Clean, great deals, many ways to order...online,drive thru, curbside pick up
It was excellent and this is the only place that has not messed up my order
It was not too busy this time of year I did visit after 8 p.m. bathrooms were clean can't complain.
The fanciest and cleanest McDonald's I've ever been in.Professional and clean.If ours back home was like this one in Kissimmee I'd go there more
Food  was hot and delicious service fast. One bad apple  stop me from    Giving this location four or better..
Ordered 2 double fish fillet sandwiches and got 1 double and 1 single. Order must be checked and double checked for Togo. I'm not coming back to change the order after few miles.
I love McDonald's I told my friends and family about McDonald's and they eat it everyday if addicted food I wish you can did olive oil to fry french fry.
They forgot  my drinks and didn't get to have time to stop one the way back to get them
They were actually nice and had what we wanted and gave us condiments!
Almost always available in the AM for breakfast without the cash only excuse.
Service sucks, how are you 24/7 and randomly close 2-6?? Waste of time
Great quality food for the price and staff are extremely friendly. Service is also very fast
Waited in drive thru line about 10 minutes. Food was fresh and the server kept apologizing  for the wait.
They messed up the order after explaining a few times of what we wanted and had hair in both of my egg McMuffins
Horrible bad service waited too long at the  drive through, missing everything in my order
Our order was large And they were able to complete it in a fast manner
The good thing is that is open 24. They do not have enough personnel. Food was just okay, help us survive till the next morning.
Fast and easy great for quick breakfast to start of your day
They all work super hard and we're very respectful
Order was correct,food was hot and fresh. Friendly staff.
It's McDonald's what can you say? I happen to have had a great experience not only with service but my food being right and fast!
Fast and good service
Mac fan !
Standard food. Fast service. Cash only at night. More expensive than other McDs.
Manager doesn't know how to put his name tag on right side up. How can he run a restaurant?
Tried 3 of the kiosk to order my food. Never completed an order on a kiosk, something different wasn't available on each one. Busy as hell, took a long time to get my food. Never again
"Food good as always (Its Mcdonald)
But pretty slow, *fast* food but without the *fast*"
Nice little spot! Tiny parking lot and its a busy McDonald's for sure. Has the upgraded double car drive thru!
Increible how the drivethru work here waiting the outside line more than 5 mins and see how the inside lo e pass 7 cars already... unacceptable
Place was very clean. Beverage excellent but took 15 minutes for us to get our drinks
My son got a vanilla shake there it didn't look right it was soupy he tasted it and his stomach was upset all that day
Bad experience taking too long with the orders.
Took 29 minutes in the drive thru for 2 McDoubles and a happy meal. At 7pm.
Fills a hole if u hungry
Lot's of panhandling around the drive through. Food was good and service was quick.
They didn't get my very large order wrong that I made for a car full of kids so that says alot.
Clean professional staff the location on a busy hwy. but the good out weighed the bad.
Lines were a little long, yet food was fresh and hot. 
It was a crappy McDonald's. They lie about their hours I went around 9:30 for food and they were "closed"! When they clearly say that they are 24hours. Don't waste your time with this place! Worst McDonald's ever
Tortillas stale and why ask if I want sauce if you aren't going to give any? Lol
Great soft play for little kids.
Gave order in the drive thru lady wasn't paying attention on what I wanted mind you I only ordered 3 things had to repeat myself 3 more times at the window then they still get my order wrong never again
If I could give it zero stars I would we went here 3 times recently and they mess up every time and they are just rude people I would recommend staying away from this location there's a checkers across the street I would recommend over them
Drive through is almost always packed, when it's not the computer is down and you have to go inside... which is also always busy.
Terrible service. Left the drive thru after barely moving for 10 minutes. Not prepared for late night customers.
Slow service. And we were the only ones in there  Found hair in my food. If I could give no stars I would never comming back
Could have been faster ordering. They have 2 lane drive in.
The BEST customer service McDonald's.
Terrible..An Employee name Andrea has the worse Customer service ever. My order was wrong and they still was giving me a hard time to fix it..BAD SERVICE
Me and my family were there at 10:15 pm on a Sunday and they would not let us in.we were not happy at all,wat to soon to be locking doors.
Computerized orders... take quite a time to be served. I just bought as coffee and waited almost 15 mins for it to be served... and it was a bit cold as well...
The only thing worse than the service was the food. My wife's Big Mac tasted like it had been dropped in an ashtray.
Very dirty.  Cold food.  Somebody peed in the play area.  Management was informed, but nobody cleaned it up.
Its McDonald's.. at least this one the food was fresh and well prepared on our visit
ýýýýýý
This is my third time visiting this store horrible place to eat all the 3 person at the service desk did not even eye contact with me and after food ready they just damp my order on the desk and I had to asked one gentleman if that was my order then he said  yes horrible place will not recommend it
Nice,  new looking place,  fast service. Can order by counter or on touch screen menu. Then pay at counter or credit card.
Not gonna lie, it's just a McDonalds's but if you have a bad experience, don't think about this five star review when it happens.
Ordered a regular big mac with large fries. They gave me the Bigmac Bacon, it was cold. Fries were cold.
Spicy chicken was kind of bland and the fries were like warm
"The bread is cold meat are dry bad taste .
Ruin Mc Donald ½ï¿½ï"
My order was to English muffins sausage and eggs my English muffin was really hard around the edge and I had a sausage biscuit with egg my bread was really hard to I've had to throw my bread hey way that will just my money got throwed away.
Delicious!
Breakfast was good as usual - quick, clean, and courteous. Manager came by and grabbed my tray to top it off.
Loved it
Considering the amount of folks at the time of our visit, the service was great. Salads were delicious.
John was great and super friendly everyone els rude
"Curbside is a joke
Waited for 15 mins, should just go through the drive thru."
Really good. Fast service. Food really hot
It was great the food made me all full and I had a fun time
Can honestly say that this was the best by far McDonald's meal I have had.
Always a long wait today it took 35 min in drive through most times around 15 min but like their ice tea so but up with it
Slow as molasses and still couldnt get it right. Dont go here after 12am. Had to go inside and get my $1 soda they forgot to give me.
Used the drive through.  All was good.
It was ok I ordered through drive thru. I had to repeat my order a couple of times.
Slowest service of any McDonalds ever. Even ordering just a coffee would take 15 minutes. VERY dirty perimeter outside.
Waited more than 20 mins, trying to make order but they just keep saying" be right with you" to finally tell me they dont have what i wanted.
Watched a Manager Jennifer push and put her hands on an employee while she was handing my food out the window. Don't know why because the Order was 100% right. This is the way employees at McDonald's are treated?
Same quality incredible quick service at this location I love it
Only gave me part of the food that I ordered them the manager gave me attitude they weren't remorseful for messing up my order at all
Nothing about fast food. Two lines for drive thru but slow services.
FOOD  WAS MEDIOCRE! The service slow and unfriendly.
The Drive Thru Was way too long there were 100 cars we we waiting 20 minutes to order. It's shorter ordering inside
The people at the window customer service skills need to do better.
Had a long wait in drive thru but customer service was okay
Stopped in for a liquid refreshment today due to the extremely hot weather. It was really delicious.
I didn't eat here.  O was with others who did.   They seemed to enjoy it very much.
Was able to get in and out without delay.  Cashier was friendly.
Great for a burger that taste the same around the world
Food was good but you never get the sauces you order on the touch screens
Management just stands there while employees run around working
Nice staff. We went thru the drive thru
Needed a quick breakfast and this was close.
Extremely slow service, one cashier with multiple people working slowly in the back, a line up to and out the door, and the drive through wrapped around the building. Avoid late at night.
It was awesome you got the food quickly, nice service and great atmosphere.
"All self service order
Table delivery though  "
The diner was dirty and so was all the tables and I dont want to mention the restrooms were smelly and dirty there was two teenagers on their cell phones wasting valuable Time
waited in drive through for 25 minutes and left after that point went to go somewhere else
The lady at the drive-thru was extremely rood and they messed up my big Mac I was missing two cheeseburgers and my 10-piece nugget only had seven nuggets
Dirty, unkind, too long waiting time, too high work load with minimum of employees
We   re always missing stuff from our order. About to start going to th
"Neg stars.

After waiting 30 minutes in drive threw, my hashbrown was literitly cold. And my bagel was soggy... worst breakfast ever  "
It was ok
Don't get the breakfast burritos they advertise a nice beautiful looking burrito on their menu and then when you get it it's a quarter of the size of which they advertise the price has gone up on these and the quality has gone way down they have false advertising on their menu
Worst McDonalds  I've ever been to. Waited over twenty minutes.  Burgers were almost  raw. Plus no toys in happy meals.
This is my second visit and it's even slower and longer than my first. Unbelievably long wait times in the drive through.
Very busy but got our large order right...happy people
My first bad experience on at McDonald's restaurant the people there were just rude luckily there was one person there that tried to take care of her customers but overall I don't recommend this place
Went there all the time and champ !! Recommended go there people very friendly also employees too
Long wait and 3manger on duty and one person line. Then to fine out no fish at certain time bk at all times
Not very well lit drive-thru but the customer service was great
More expensive than uk maccies
Very nice location. The staff was top notch. They got everything right!
Fast service and coffee and sandwiches nice and fresh and employees treat you as a customer
Waited on line for 45 mins just to place the order.
Fast, clean and excellent customer service!
Horrible service!! Looked like they didn ½ï
Stay away from this McDonald   s, seriously. Worst service I ½
This McDonald's is horrible customer service and all the employees have bad attitudes and they never make my orders right I always have to continue coming back all the managers are rude to besides the Chinese looking one
Service is nice and fast but sometimes the drive-thru line can be a mess.
Everything was great!
it prompted me to legitimately kill myself. so ridiculous. never have had towards long in my 35 years of life
Love it
Opens late at night, save your day if you come home late. Big parking lot and good service and food.
Do not LIKE having to use a koish to order
McDonald's is well known anywhere you go... Good service good food..
Must say this location is very clean and food is always great!
The drive thru went pretty quickly for such a crazy location
My favorite places to eat I love it
Service is a bit slow, but it's... well it's just McDonald's.  Playground is nice for the kids though.
Only one inaccurate cashier working on a weekday at breakfast. Had to go through line and the waits twice to get my order right. Will not be back to this site.
Hot food, order completed accurately. Better than most McDonald's
New but WAY TO BUSY..NO INSTUCTIONS ON HOW TO USE NEW COMPUTER MENUS. WE WAITED 20 MIN FOR OUR DONE IN GOOD.
Perfect as always  ½ï¿½ï¿½ï
The people working here are not friendly.  Went through the drive through and the only only thing said to me was my total.
They got free WiFi. It's really fast and good food and customer service too
Somehow they forgot to give us our order...no big deal I needed the exercise and they did apologize
"Food was cold.
Service could of been better"
Very Friendly and helpful, Customer Service  
To the girl that said she liked my tat. Wassup?? You could make this a 5...
Weird credit card layout, tea was hot, 3/4 of a cup filled up, and bland, would skip this McDonaldï¿½ï¿
Slowest service ever! I haven't taste the food but i hope is not bad!
Waited 30 minutes in drive thru line be told they are out of fish and chicken
"I was there to separate times one time I paid over $2 more than the second
time and got the exact same thing"
Most often just the same mc donalds
This one is aware of food allergies so this it makes it easier for us
Messed up our order something terrible and then asked us to pay extra for the mess they made took forever in line slow slow people
Very polite people and fast with getting food out.
McDonald's is the worst the foods always cold and they recook old food when you ask for it hot but the frappes are the bomb that's why they got a star.
Slow and the people behind me got their food first. Common problem here. I just order a drink and burger.
Waited 60 minutes in a drive thru, the line wasnt even that big. The lines at the theme parks are better
Several ordering kiosks here. Service was quick.  Restrooms were clean.
$5 for 2 BigMacs need I say more plus $1 each including Refills for any Size Hot/Cold Drinks
Good food, and rewards are nice!!
1 star because I had cheese on my burger last night. And I didn't ask for it. Also the service was slow. The worker's was playing , goofing off ,and not working when suppose to.
Good food at great prices. Fast and friendly service!
Can form a pretty long line at the Drive-Thru as it's a popular location but always polite.
Rude managers profiled me. Had my life threaten by Corp. Worst fast food ever
Poor costumer service.  Slow and cold food.  The manager didn't care about my order had me waiting for over 30 minutes
All McDonalds are pretty much the same. Nothing is great, but good if you need to eat on the go.
Well let's see it took me 27 minutes to go through their bullship drive-through for 2 mcdoubles holy shedding this a joke
Slow service
It's OK as McDonald's goes... Crazy busy after the theme parks close each night. Expect long waits.
Nice friendly staff, the place was clean and the other came quick.
I received a excellent service
Clean place, the kids meals fries are the cutest..lol fast service
Excellent coffee!....that's all I got...with a double shot of espresso... happiness in a paper cup!
Ice cream machine never works after waiting 20 minutes in drive thru line for nothing
Drive thru takes forever and orders are never right, the inside with the new send order plus counter orders it's mobbed and confusing
Horrible customer service. Avoid this restaurant if at all possible.
This mcdonalds serves lettuce that had already gone bad and turned brown. Absolutely disgusting.
As good as ever
This place is Nasty as heck ! The Garbage was over flowing, there was bugs on the floor, and all the bathroom stalls was locked even though there was no one in them
Super slow service,  sloppy wrapped cheese burgers, not so friendly staff, some of them not all staff. what more can i say.
They didnt get the order right but the girl gave me me what was missing. But the apple pies were old and dry from sitting.  
No customer service skills, not even the managers always getting orders  wrong and give u attitude bc u said something
Might be I expect more from it. But, in comparison to the EU McDonald's the food is poor. Drive through is a nightmare.
Can't ever get order right. Had to walk into the back to find someone to wait on me.
They didn't have apple slices and toy for the Happy meal.
Ordered breakfast. Was ok. Pancakes on both orders were cold and dry.
Speed, very good service, attentive and efficient employees
Might be the worst McDonald's I've seen can't even make a coffee no napkins, ketchup or even a fork with my big breakfast meal worst idea to stop there
Fast service, not too much wait, and usually there is always a space to sit.
Not a bad McDonald's but you have to tell him fresh you ordered fresh food
Slow!!!!  Haven't tried the food yet, since I am min minute 32 of waiting for my FAST food
Very clean and friendly staff. My family and i had a great time.
Very busy but food came out good . Lobby was packed
The cashier was very nice and greeted me as soon as I walked to the counter!  ½ï¿½
Good place for fast food  
I love it I am at this location and I buy my food there every day
Clean restaurant, lobby is open but drink area is not.
Quick service, nice people but messed up my order a little.
Quick service even though kiosk were down. Attention to detail a plus!
On Christmas day with an upbeat attitude. Fast and organized with a smile fully staffed. Impressive
Place is dirty I don't recommend no one to stop at this place the drinking fountain is dirty, workers have a attitude drive thru takes least 25 min to a car to move!
Rushed us while ordering and mess up our Order twice while in the area for vacation.
Sooo slow, and got my order completely wrong. Didn't seem to care.
COFFEE -Great Coffee
The people at the window were rude and they were out of everything! And waited in line for 30 min and then was told that they were cash only!!!!
Nice  service  but  i  see  a  super viser  was  talking   bad  to  cow  worker  dint  like  the  way  she  was  talking  she  at  like  a  man
It's automated now it's quick it's easy.  The all day breakfast is available too,  how can you beat that?
Its mickey Ds.  very average.  at least the drive thru line was fast.
Loved it
The food was hot I'm just not a fan of McDonald's but two children enjoyed it
Good food not to crowded. Yes it's really a mc donalds
Closed early and drive thru takes forever
Need to update breakfast app menu and add back the souther style chicken biscuit
Terrible I ordered my food at 8:40 AM it is currently 9:01 and my food is still not here
took 30 minutes for our food to come out, walked past us once, forgot the sauces and forgot the drinks along with a very negative attitude
Great place for kids in old town
fast service and nice staff
Fast service, Food was hot and fresh
I thought there was going to be a long wait but  we got our food in less than 10 minutes
Other than the usual. When comparing and three restaurants in Apopka this one has to have the best sweet tea
It smell and it was dirty. The worker were very pleasant
Food is nasty and wait at night is unheard of. Horrible staff
My favorite McD's in Kissimmee. The food is always fresh and hot and the service is always friendly.
Good service, got my order right the first time!
They forgot the top bun on one sandwich. Everything else wasn't much better. Thrown together and awful.
Quick service even when there is a line in drive through
A nice place to eat. They have new technology to order your food from a screen.
Was enjoy my birthday breakfast  until i bit down into egg shells ,  great way to ruin a meal and a sandwich
Clean tidy good staff and free refills on all drinks. Should be like this in UK.
Nuggets were disappointing compared to the UK!
The service here was fast
Female M ½nager day shift wi
Clean, friendly, quick. More breakfast pastries than we are used to.
Took too long to complete order, dirty floor, overall impression of a badly run McDonalds - a rarity.
Worst McDonald's I've been to
Omg glow tables!
Not enough help. Food wasn't fresh
Great quick fix delicious foods and great service super yummy
Service slow, food cold and dry. Had to queue back up to get a cup.
I tried to buy a burger for a homeless lady and the manager told me no! She then approached the homeless lady and told her to leave.
A little slow the service.. Had to do the  order myself at the kiosk
Great hot food and cold drinks.
This location has closed seating and has take out only.
Food Was Excellent and So Was The Beverage
Was just like McDonald's really. Large portions are huge, fries oversalted and coke tasted weird.
USA Maccys just as good as the UK, but the m&ms Mcflurries are so much better!
Cleanest one i have seen.
Why 14 minutes for 2 Apple pies? Order wss placed 2-3 minutes before that.
Forgets food often, longer wait time than some coasters in town. Ran out of diet coke.
They have a nice offer, a break fast sampler for 5 dollars!
I visited this store many time during my stay in Orlando. Great service every time.
Look McDonald's gets alot of grief but let's face it. Good quick food.
Newly remodeled. Self ordering kiosks so 1 less person to screw up the order.
Responsive service and organized systems. Even late at night. Good in my books.
Food was the same but this was a half hour wait for food. Clearly this franchise was not up for a noon rush hour.
Very slow service and tables weren't wiped down or cleaned.
Everything is trash at the McDonald   s there 
Clean, nice staff, get custom orders right.
We went few times at this restaurant and it is the worst service we received . Very slow, and leasy.
Typical McDonald's
It 
Recieved my food quick and was satified with how fresh it was.
Drive thru experience. Staff was very friendly. Food was cold when it was delivered. Fries were very salty.
The food tastes like microwaved meat with barley any flavor
Staff is friendly.  For me, burger wasn't hot just warm.
Love the playground for children!!! My son had a lot of fun.
Just stopped in for an early bite to eat
Took the grandchildren there they loved it a little slow though
The breakfast was GREAT. Their pancakes, superb.
Great customer service  cashier Laquisha has great customer support experience
Wait for almost an hour for the order. The delivery lady missed our table and send our food to another table. Worst M store ever
Good service  and food is ok
They were extremely slow.
They were very very busy but boy they had all the food right
Great place for a quick meal with the family, on the go or both!
Typical Mcdonalds
Service was fast and good
They didn't make sure my order was complete. I found that out when I arrive to my hotel room.
My food was hot and fresh and the restaurant was clean.
Great but can be very busy in the drive through.
Love that you can pay in an automatic machine. We need that here like ya!
Forgot our food twice. Went back and they act like we were lying about it
We ordered at the online till in the restaurant and had a lovely meal.
McDs always great with menu, value, updates, but has trouble getting orders right. SO ALWAYS CHECK BEFORE LEAVING
Very nice place..... Very large play area for the children and clean atmosphere
Customer service could be better. But it's ok in general
Not professional when speaking to customers, but take what you can.
Food was fresh and service was fast!!
Service very slow on all 3 visits and they get the order wrong.  Very very poor.
Ok place to come by with family too eat clean bathroom
Very clean, friendly staff.  Enjoyed my food.
Staff was nice, usually always see someone cleaning, at times it can be overcrowded.
Terrible restaurant, very dirty, I do not understand how Mac DOnal let have this disgusting restaurant
Very good food. Just lines are to long
It ½ï
The service in every Mcdonalds is doing worst with the time.
Kid loves the playground. Food is McDonalds what else. Clean place
Great place just frappe they serve to the top and it spills every single time
Ordered a 6 piece chicken nugget kids meal and was given a filet o fish in the box instead
Good and fast
"Lately they have been super fast.
Very clean."
Always on point with orders and great customer service
always making mistakes and errors with orders or don't have the employees to service customers
It's McDonald's atleast they are open Laure for driive through
Everything you could want from McDonald ½ï¿½
Great place for a quick bite
Dirty place very unclean and big wait for cold food!
Ashes for a cheese burger with no pickle or onion and even had ths sticker on the box. Still had pickle and onion on it
Service was fast order was correct.
Fries were cold and they did not like the fact I asked for fresh ones.
It's not a bad McDonald's those young kids try their best
Food was good and quick.
Busy as heck but still gets my order right but in need of more ppl
Ate 340 chicken McNuggets with a bunch of friends one night, it was awesome!
The manager was really mean with the employee...if them have a problem with the employee ,they must take them to the back
Service was lovely, very helpful explaining items.
Worst place ever very bad customer service...if i could put - stars i would.
Would get more stars if they got my order right more than 3 out of five times
Food lovely, slow service for fast food.
Have a playpark for the kids to burn off some energy while enjoying food.
This place was great nice people fresh food
Order food here and wait 30 mins for your order.... no fast food here
Always a good quick option
Super easy the self order station. Cosy place
This mcds was fast for real. And that impressed both me & my friend.
Bad service ... I'm very disappointed, this place has awful customer service .
3 times asked for sauce for nuggets got home no sauce
"The rains made a mess of the drive thru.
20 minutes was ridiculous"
When you are starving and nothing else in sight for the pocket change you have..... well that's why i go to McDonalds.
The place is nice and clean. Crew there is very friendly.
What's the point of opening untill 4am and having 4 items on your menu!!
Friendly staff, fresh food clean atmosphere
Good food, very busy drive thru
Only one cashier, the place was super busy waited 28 Minutes for my food it was cold, worst McDonald's experience ever!
Great customet service and extremely polite and friendly.
A great place to grab you something to eat on the run .
No cashiers.  Incomplete order.
Fast and ok food... Was a little cold.
Hot food and quick service.  Playground with too many kids, make it too noisy.
Not only was the speed of service poor I waited in line for just under 20 mins to receive my food thrown inside of a bag. I did not eat either the 1/4 pounder or the nuggets. They really need to shut this restaurant down because for the love of god they don't hire decent staff this has been going on for years I'm not eating food with strands of hair or food that's hanging out of a bag such ill preparation
Had a weird, terrible, unusual experience ,Went tonight, about 8:20pm. Only 2 cars in front of me. Ordered using my mobile app (which I love it!) Ordered a mc chicken, and guess what?!! It came with NO CHICkEN!! And enough mayo to make two more. Enjoy the picture!!
Attention owner: do you even care??? Worst drive-through in all of Florida. S L O W!! Fire everyone including your manager you got the 3 stooges working in there! It is NEVER okay to sit in a drive thru for 20 minutes. Get it together or close your doors!
Can't change mobile order once placed. I wanted light chocolate in my coffee instead of 6 obese size pumps that drowns the actual taste of coffee and makes it taste extremely sweet. Asked at speaker, window 1, window 2 and the person that made it. Can't do it. And they forgot the hot sauce to my burrito. But this is McDonald's standard.
Another aspect that adds to the appeal of McDonald's is the affordability. The menu prices are generally budget-friendly, making it an attractive option for individuals or families looking for a quick and affordable meal. The availability of value meals and combo deals further enhances the value for money.
constantly miss items. it baffles me. I work fast food. items pop up on a screen, you put them in the bag. its very simple. half the time they put ice in the drink when I ask for no ice, which again, a drink pops up on a screen, and underneath it will say "no ice". I'm not really sure if yall just don't care or if this is really that hard.
This is the second time I've came to this McDonald's and they are closed. How you 24 hours but closed. They very rude. Last time they told me they open at 7am in the drive thru, then this morning I was told 6:30am. I come to this one because it's so close to my house. But it seems I'm going have to find another one. This McDonald's need a manager and someone who can be in charge and know how to handle a restaurant. When I come to this McDonald's I always spend $40 or better. Get y'all stuff together
This McDonalds location never staffs an employee at the register to take customers' orders.  This results in all customers having to wait until one of the kitchen staff happens to notice the customers standing at the counter, wishing to place their orders.  The expressions on the faces of the kitchen staff makes it clear that they are irritated at having to interrupt their own work to go over and take customer orders.  This situation has not been corrected for over 6 months, resulting in annoying wait times at what is supposed to be a fast food restaurant.  Hire more staff!!!
Says 24/7. Mobile app allows for drive through order. Lights are all on and drive through speaker is active. But nobody is working. Location is closed, no sign, no disabling online orders, nothing.
Repeatedly missing items. Repeatedly ignoring allergy restrictions such as simple specifics on orders like no onion, no cheese, etc. overnight is horrible. Overnight Manager identified herself as  crystal on 3/5/23 was not helpful and in better terms, an incompetent woman.
I was light headed. I figured let me stop at this McDonald's seeing that its on my way home and close by. I was surprised the shake machine was up and running. I ordered large fries and a Strawberry milkshake. I paid to much money for a little nit of food. My fries had way too much salt on them. Because they mixed fresh fries with fries that wrre sitting out basically old kinda stale. The milkshake had vanilla at the bottom with Strawberry on top. But that nits what kinda upset me it was the size of the shake. I was asked what size I wanted. Of course I was confused. I guess all McDonald's are not the same. I said small. But the cup I received was a cup size you order off the dollar menu. And I was charged like 5 bucks for it. Smh. Never again. I thought shake size was only small or large.  Not a baby cup size.
The amount of times I come to this location, and the    system is down    is embarrassing.  I work in food, I know when people don ½ï¿½
Love it!         When they know my grandson is there for his
I went to this Mcdonld's before the gym.  They have a 2 lane drive through , but there is plenty of seating inside.  I ordered the spicy crispy chicken sandwich, the 10 piece nuggets, the fish sandwich and a large iced tea.  Overall the meal is good.  I wish Mcdonald's had more grilled chicken options.  But the meal is quick and cheap.  It got the job done for a good pre workout. The ordering process is kiosk here at this location, so you can wait in line or use the kiosk.  Overall good
They need more happy people in there and people to actually Acknowledge there guest and smile.  It's horrible to feel like your a bother as a customer when your spending your hard earned working money at your restaurant.  NOT GOOD for the business at all, especially when your a regular.  This needs attention Immediately to earn the people's business.
I hate this McDonald's in the morning. The drive through workers are undertrained and snappy ( there is a difference between a sausage egg mcmuffin and a sausage mcmuffin) I was overcharged the manager (Tim) had me pull up for whatever reason ( I assumed for my overcharge) and never came out the door, I go in after 15 minutes and he acts unresponsive to the guy calling his name( that's how I know what it is) very unprofessional and I will be reaching out to their corporate headquarters about this matter
My fries were salted, they didn't put pickle on my Burger as asked, and it was a quick drive thru experience. I'd say not too bad
This isn   t the first time it happens but it   s definitely the one that bothered me the most. Went for lunch did a mobile order to make  it quick and spent 20 minutes of my 30 minute lunch waiting for my food. Had to walk in and ask for it. No napkins or st
Couldn   t even order line at drive thru and only one lane open. So I prefer to go in because I   m not wasting gas for t
No problems or complaints whatsoever with this McDonald's in particular. The only thing  I'll say and I think is every single McDonald's same problem is  with the ice-cream machines.
Always takes longer than any other drive-thru. Advertises that the drive-thru is open 24 hours (both online and with signage at the store), but it isn't.
Very nice and helpful drive thru staff. They noticed a problem with my order before I did, and they fixed it.
Some small tables are uncomfortable to sit on. Service was very slow in the morning, they were unable to provide table service. Food was left at the counter while you were waiting at the table with your number asking yourself why was it taking so long.
Went is using a mobile code and the lady at the register had not clue what she was doing , so I asked for a manager and she told me she was the manager . So I tryed to help her out telling her my code was for a 5$ meal and I would like to add a 4 piece nuggets to that ! She told me the total was 12$ so in my head I   m like no way a 4 piece is 6 $ so I told her that was incorrect and she instead it wasn   t , so she does Somthing on the computer I pay and still missing my extra nuggets after I told her 4 times I would like a extra
Horribly slow each of the last 2 times I've gone here.  Attempting to grab something quick for my kids or wife and just no such thing as fast food any longer.
This location has gone to hell in a hand basket. Since they changed ownership it seems like management doesn't care anymore. They're ALWAYS out of something, Orange juice in the morning, frappe mix, ice cream machine is ALWAYS broken, the self serve kiosks are always off line, the tables are dirty and don't get me started on the bathroom    
Maitland avenue bad customer service to the drive-thru. Stead of listening to the customer they just want to overshadow and run their mouth and tell the customer what should be on there when the customers telling them no
Best McDonald   s! Great cust
Showed up at 440am they said we are closed till 5am. Waited till 5am and then they said 530am??? What is going on with the world. This is after coming from trying to order at the other McDonald ½ï¿½ï¿
This is a fine McDonald's. Clean and friendly staff and restaurant. Seems newly renovated but no kids play area. Outdoor seating is very pleasant.
I   ve driven to this location 3 times and it 
Computers were down, workers we super patient, took a bit longer than expected but what are you going to do. All good, staff very friendly and laughing with ir
The employees in that place is soo terrible their very rude the lady told me to hold on I ½
Slowest drive thru ever. Takes over 30 minutes for anything!
Not only does this location take forever to give you the wrong food, they also give you undercooked food. We had to wait over 10 minutes for our order and this chicken sandwich was still pink.
Not sure how this happened, but they were completely out of sodas tonight. Got a 10 piece w/Lrg     ½
I placed a mobile order to go before I picked up my granddaughter and her friend from middle school. They are always starving after school. Minnie brought my order to the car. I had ordered frozen coke but they didn't have it so she asked me what drink I'd prefer. She also told me to come by and ask for her and she would make it right for me.
12.17 Late Saturday and No one is working at this McDonald's.  It's supposed to be 24 hours.  Poorly managed like most McDonald's.  GM should be canned.
I have never seen such a slow mc donasl in my life.
This particular McDonald's has terrible drive thru service and has for years.
Very slow customer service, 2nd day in a row that they are out of orange juice. Not up to standards
Seriously this place is gone to the dogs. Imagine sitting in line at a fast food restaurant for over 25 minutes to get a burger and fries. Only to receive said Burger and half of the large fry you ordered. Cold limp fries inside of a large container which could have easily fit in a medium container. I'm so sick of these restaurants. Fast food is no longer fast food, the service is subpar, and the food is not even as advertised. I'm literally getting jipped on my food while also waiting for almost 30 minutes to get it.
When I called and asked for a whopper they just hung up on me. I WANT MY WHOPPER!!!!
There always fast and has my order ready
Long lines and when did Mikey D's get so expensive? My granddaughter wanted a McFlurry and the ice cream machine wasn't working. Are those machines ever in working order? Alt Spgs McDonald's (on 434 by Walmart) is just as bad with their machine being broken numerous times. Very frustrating.
I'm not one to just say only something negative but for the life of me I can't find anything positive. This branch is the slowest I have ever been to . It never gets my order right , no matter how simple I made it. The burger's condiments were all wrong . The fry's were old as hell and the unsweet tea tasted old and sour.  Definitely no going there again no matter how desperate.
There has never been a single time where I go here at night and it   s open. Not once. Says it ½ï
I felt bad for the employees. They were obviously stressed and the manager seemed to be hiding from the irate customers. It took 20 minutes to get food at 4pm on a Monday.  I was given the wrong sandwich and the fries were hard.
The manager in the morning is awesome, the older Hispanic woman at the front counter gives exceptional customer service, you can tell she genuinely likes her job and is happy. Food was hot and fresh, and the coffee was just right. Will definitely come back to this one!
I never ever go here because it's the most incompetent McDonald's I've ever seen operate. I ran the drive thru in NYC when I was 17 so I know a thing or two about the process and how it's really not rocket science but somehow they can't ever get it right. Unfortunately for me my husband picked up dinner for me from there and I very Unfortunately didn't specify which one to go to... although this one is closest to home I will drive all the way to Altamonte to avoid it, and the way gas prices are that should tell you all you all need to know. Tonight it was missing fries (we ordered a total of 6 whole items so I can see how that was overwhelming to this bunch) and freezing cold fries which I have no idea how you can even do since even if it been under the warmer for a while... stone cold fries? I wouldn't put it past them they kept them on a counter somewhere instead though. And on top of that I made the mistake of asking for extra pickles on my big mac which I'm sure put this kitchen in a frenzy so they just threw all the ingredients in the box so I can do my own assembling of it... which was probably for the best because who knows what chaos it would cause for them to assemble it. I would be embarrassed to own this place. Don't go here... I know it's fast food and we shouldn't expect much but Altamonte Mcds never dissapoints. Trust me it's worth the drive.
Cold fries. Double cheeseburgers were not hot and the cheese wasn't melted.  The m&ms were dumped on the top of the mcflurry and some spilt out.  $18 is expensive for my meal and a happy meal for my daughter. Then subpar at best.
Slow getting orders out 12 minutes for McDbl/ fries which where Luke warm.
I usually go to this location, mostly as drive thru. Never have a problem with food, service or wait. This last visit went with the family a group of 7. And order inside the lobby was clean, the staff was friendly. The gentleman that took our order failed to charge as a large meal so we got a medium and when an item in our order was missing Minerva quickly corrected the error. In addition Minerva walked around the lobby checking in on guests including us. That ½
Typical McDonald's restaurant. Clean, relatively new facility with a friendly, well-trained staff. Ample parking available and very easy access/egress for both North and South bound Semoran Blvd/SR436.
It   s a hit or miss with the people that work here. Some are great and friendly. Others need an attitude adjustment. Sometimes 
Bad service that don't give me what you order
Very unsatisfied, order was wrong. Management correct my order. Just gave me an extra fry and dismissed me. Will not be returning. My money is just as good at burger King. I understand that you are short-handed, but that should never compromise customer service.
When I approached the window the gentleman cashier just looked at me. I said, "Hello", and he did not speak. I handed him my card and he took it as if he were frustrated. When he handed the card back to me I said, "Thank you" and he said nothing back. I'm not one to usually make a big deal about things. I try not to be "that person"; however, the way he acted was so unnecessary. Maybe I reminded him of someone, I do not know and never will know. I just refuse to go to this location again.  
Went there tonight around 11:15 and the drive thru worker didn   t have his headphone mic off and just kept cursing saying this is    bull****    and kept on. I go to order my food and he tells me the milkshake machine is down. No problem but when I politely ask if there   s a certain time it 
The line on the drive through is very slow and long. So i decided to go inside. It is friday night. On the door states lobby open untill 12am. They have the doors locked and guys dancing and clowning around. One of them opens the door and tells me they can not take orders in the lobby that drive through is the only way. I asked him may i speak to the shift manager. So he went off and came with one of the guys. Not the manager. He said that the owner of the McDonald's closes early. I recommend people to go elsewhere and not here. Is not worth the time.
It was good. I asked for my stuff to be hot and they did. I feel like regardless at lunch time 12pm stay busy. But this location is so far the best to me. Everybody loves McDonald's and I don't know how some people could do this everyday it's been so pricey it's crazy I can only maybe do it once or twice a month when I have to for work.
yall need to step it work I know its stressful but ppl at the window need to look in the bag know its the right thing and repeat it back . I'm happy I don't work there nor do I ever want to if I had to but everytime our order is wrong . and you pay for not what you get its sad we can't afford to pay for sonthing we want. and get ripped off. let's do better guys. if you don't like ur job or have an additide towards ppl just leave it at home or find another job .
Today visit was the worse . Other stops they forgot things or wrong in my orders, forgetting hashbrowns , wrong  items drinks made wrong. But today it took the cake, The work took a couple of minutes to take are order . Then when we got are order my wife check it, all the items where there . But only 2 ideam that where right was the hash browns and a sweet tea . Order a #3  Bacon egg and cheese biscuit or hash Browns and sweet tea 2nd order was a sausage egg mcmuffin with a hot chocolate. We got a sausage muffin with cheese and a sausage muffin with a hot chocolate that my wife said it was not drinkable . If you ask why didnt we take it back . We dont have time drop the wife off at work then i get on the road to go to work . Dont think we be going back to this McDonald's its becoming more of a disappointment then a enjoyment.
They need to work on their service at drive thru
I felt really sick after eating the fish fillet sandwich. They made me wait a long time at curbside for my sandwich and fries. I assumed it will all be fresh. How wrong was I. Disgusting sandwich and stale fries. Never returning to this location again.
I ordered a kid's meal that took 14 minutes to receive,  they claim hash browns are not a lunch time item even though it's on the all day breakfast menu claiming it took 12 minutes to cook a hash brown worst location ever
I came here at around 11pm last night, I ordered a spicy mcchicken medium meal, 2 cheeseburgers, and I asked for the fries fresh. I usually never have an issue when I go to other McDonald's. I order the same thing. Well its not fresh, its called "to order". I had to wait , no issues with that, if you want fresh food you typically have to wait for it to be made.  I got my food 8 minutes later and drove off so I could get the food to the house. Almost home, I look in the bag and grab a fry, because mcdonalds fries fresh are freaking delicious. Yeah no, I bit 5 fries all at once and they were soggy and unsalted. Highly disappointed. I tried to call and the phone just rang. I was no longer close to the mcdonalds so I just ordered the same thing at another mcdonalds closer to my destination in winter park. They actually gave me a discount and apologized for my troubles at this mcdonalds. They said they "understood". I wont be coming back to this mcdonalds.
The worst place to eat. Go there only if you have 3 hours of leisure time & you dont mind waiting 45 minutes to an hr to be taken care of. Only one manager & too many rookies are uncapable too supply the high demand.
The food was alright. But there was almost no one in the front. To ask for something, I had to stand there for almost 10 mins. Maybe they are very short staffed. Idk. Other then that, it seemed okay.
Terrible service. Charged me $7.98 for 2 snack size McFlurries when that is the price for 2 regular size. Asked for a meal and only gave me the burger. Full of dumb people that can 
Worst McDonald's in the area. After waiting in line over 20 minutes I finally get to the window, for them to inform me that they were closed. Mind you this was at 1:12 am Saturday morning. The store hours for this location reads closes at 3 a.m not 1:12 a.m!! Clearly management didn't want to serve any more customers due to high volume not because they were closed or closing. Will never go back to this location.
I live close so I frequent this location. They almost always get my very simple order wrong and they can't even use the most basic forms of respect such as speaking to a customer. They just take the card, hand it back(most of the times without the receipt) and at the next window hand you your incorrect order without so much as a word. Head a few miles down A1A and get much better service with a friendlier staff.
The last in a string of bad experiences, I only received half my order and it was still wrong. Genuinely impressive how almost every experience at this location is terrible. Won't be returning
With all the issues that almost every business is experiencing...major shortages of both food and employees.. McDonald's seems to be the only place that has managed to keep it all together and do things right! Employees at this location are always efficient, professional and pleasant.
This has been one of the worst McDonald's I have been too. Not only where the to drive through lines extremely long, but then when we get to the window the person was confused with our order. We drive up to get our food and the person was pleasant enough. The food now left a lot to be desired. French fries were not fresh. They had zero salt. We ordered a 10 piece of chicken nuggets and got eight pieces. Then on top of that they're old and stale and cold. Needless to say we will never be going there again.
Went through the drive through, nothing to complain about. But you can tell that the people who work there do not want to be there. Too many fast food places in this area are like that though. Maybe if they got paid a livable wage they'd be happier. Maybe they deserve to be treated like human beings too? Yeah I think so!
Miyra is extremely rude and slow. Acts like she hates her job. Took 30 minutes to get an egg McMuffin and hash brown
Horrible McDonald's I had visited this McDonald's in the late evening and I was getting cussed out by a employee mopping the floor. How would I supposed to know what area are you mopping without a sign? or just tell me politely to watch my step. I would've kept coming to this McDonald's but if someone is mopping the floor and cussing customers out for walking on the wet floor needs to be fired.
Strangely I almost always get skipped in line at this McD. I will pull up as the lone vehicle and another pulls up a minute later in the lane beside me and get immediate service. I am not sure if it's because my car is quiet or what but its mildly annoying. Never has my sauce order been correct. Never. Even when I pay for it. Even when I ask and confirm at the window. It's awkward confirming sauce and then having to ask for the exact sauce you were just promised was in the bag.
Today at approximately 2:20 I asked for a happy meal and asked for the extra french fries in the order and the lady of the dri thru told me give it to me - give it to me now, in a high tone of voice give me the bag and I pack very reluctantly, she was really rude at the time of serving me simply for asking for some fries, now if you could give me a feedback, because it really is not the way to serve the customer
Ok, so I went and tried the new Spicy chicken nuggets, I personally prefer the Wendy's spicy nuggets they are much more tender and fresh tasting. The McDonald's Spicy Nuggets were Spicy alone, add on the Spicy sauce and they will make you sweat!!! But mine were extremely dry and hard, one had a weird rubber chewy piece so that was interesting, I can say I tried them but I was not impressed.
food is typically put together well, however curbside is a minimum of 20 minutes once you pull up. Then hopefully you can get a curbside spot because the spots are usually full of customers theyve had pull forward and park to wait for their food. might as well go through the drive thru
i   m honestly only leaving one star because i have to. staff was rude as can be. i went through the drive thru and ordered a #9 the 2 cheeseburger meal and an extra cheeseburger with a small fry and at the window checked the food and the employee was rude asked if we got a problem and rolled her eyes. well the order was wrong so good thing i checked. went inside the store and finally got my cheeseburgers after standing there for 15 minutes and complained to the manager and she walked away with no response. Finally got my food and opened it up and there was A HAIR IN MY FOOD. the entire order was wrong the first time around. Never will i ever go back to this restaurant again.  terrible service, i just ended up going bac
They mess with your food here!!!
I left in fear. I was treated so rude. Sat at drive through for 20 minutes.. Was yelled at walking up to window to ask why they are not taking my order. Did nothing wrong but was treated like a criminal. And then the comment. " Don't worry, we will take special care of your order" in that tone.  I WILL NEVER FEEL SAFE EATING AT MY MCDONALD'S AGAIN
I am done with this Mcdonald's ! I have been going there almost every morning and get a double biscuit and gravy. How hard is it to get a order correct.They charge me for it but I don't get it. It seems when a certain crew is working i get the worst service or no service. I have been told they have no gravy, no biscuits best one of all at 4 am they do not service breakfast due to corona. But waffle house does..
"Joseph is a good employee they should give him a raise cause he told me how much 200 chicken nuggets are so that   s why he should get a raise.

P.S he was a good sport I di"
Unfortunately today while waiting in line (pulled to the side not in the drive through lane) my frappe was given to the person behind me. She graciously didn't take it and instead got off her car and walked back inside with it. I waited 10 mins and when nothing happened I went through the drivethrough line again and the girl at the window told me she was gonna give me that same drink back. I was very confused by this, especially in Covid times. I requested a different drink, no offense to the nice lady that brought it back but just to be safe. The worker said to me that the lady only touched the lid while carrying it so then I asked to change the lid to which they told me I had to pull forward and wait again. Needless to say it was not worth being late to work for this ï¿½ï
Good service Area is bot the best , but they are open late. Quick service and food is done in time,  ppl are pretty nice.
O came through the drive though and the guy there was so nice such a pleasure to be around you could tell he definitely cared about his job to the point where I actually gave him a tip at the window he ended up selling me to buying more than what I anticipated then I got home and of course behold my food was incorrect called back spoke to the manager the manager said absolutely come back in and we will correct it which I did and steaks happened came back through the drive-thru a new manager was absolutely wonderful it's how you handle something that makes it worth going back or not. Mistakes happen.
Always get my food fresh and never mind waiting. This location is so convenient! It is always clean and well maintained inside and out. I only gave 4 stars because the staff is hit or miss. Most of the time there is a very nice crew when I go. Sometimes there ½
Today visit was awful. Food was stiff and luke warm and was missing some items  when I asked for it to be remade Joann the manger argue with me about it. I shouldnt have to argue to get hot food I paid for. Im back to update my review I originally gave my visit a 1 star. I got an email from Bre Williams the general manger she invited my family back and insured this is not how her store operates. Showing care for the customer goes along way. Thank Mrs. Williams for reaching out .
The workers were incredibly friendly and accommodating and the atmosphere was nice with cute little stools. The digital ordering was a little confusing but overall it was a lovely experience for a McDonald's. Food was good and it hit the spot  
If I could give it zero stars I would. Your MANAGER is RUDE. Someone ordered breakfast at 1050am, she said no more breakfast. I said "there is no more breakfast?" She said out loud, in front of customers "ends at 1030, EVERYONE KNOWS THAT" No everyone DOESNT know that, some serve it 24/7. She continued to berate me.
For fast food this McDonald's is better then average. I think it is probably due to the staff. There is a young girl named Carissa on the Am shift who is excellent. She sees us come in the door and has started our coffee ( we always stop on the way to work). She runs around the restaurant ' topping' off your coffee . We always know when she is working the restaurant is neat and clean. Thanks Carissa for starting our day off with a smile
The employees are great but the store manager is just a nightmare. We have coupons with the McDonald's app. The store manager stated that she really hoped that they would stop honoring them, because she was tired of having to ring then up. My wife and I went to the restaurant today and, she said the system was down and she would not accept them at all. I'm going to try and avoid this McDonald's in the near future.
Super rude. Suppose to be 24 hrs and they acted like "how dare i eat here" at like 2am. The worker never even spoke to me just took my card and shut the door on me didn't even get a chance to ask for ketchup.
They never ever give me the amount of cream and sugar I ask for in my coffee. The super lazy ones tell me their cream and sugar dispensers are broken at least one to two times a week :/ been visiting the one and extra mile away in Casselberry, just bc they make my coffee how I want. This location used to get a LOT of my hard earned dollars but as of late I been choosing other location.
Went through the drive thru a few days ago, had the car in front of me take the food I paid for, so they had to make my stuff again. I waited a little bit but got fresh food. I   m giving a 5 st
"My home Mcmunch always there to solve my cheeseburger deficiency. 436&1792
IYKYK"
"My order # was 1471. Simple order. Big breakfast with extra sausage
No utensils, no syrup, no extra sausage.
So I call. Nina said she was the manager. But transferred me to Bri. Told Bri what happened and she said she would talk to the crew. So I explained that does not help me. I still don   t have what I paid for. She asked how she could help. I asked her to hang on while I answered another phone. Instead she hung up. Few minutes later I called back. Now no one will answ"
The first day the McRib came out I went inside purchased two of them to go to find out when I got home there was hardly too little barbecue sauce on it. So the next day I went to talk to the manager she was very polite and apologized and made it up I replacing the two MC ribs that were fantastic so thank you for making it right bump bump bump.
Wanted a quick bite so I picked up their 2 for $6 dollars mix and match items from their menu
Has to be THE most depressing McDonalds in the area. Ran by a bunch of immature, rude, and miserable workers. I go there because its the closest to me, but won't be going back.
I bought some sundaes and I requested some napkins, but they refused to provide them to me. Too miserable for a multinational company. If they don't provide napkins, what can we expect for the food?
Still getting things in order Kids are respectful, the Manager on night shift is great. I'm sure she moved from the Orange City location! They'll be fine.
I'll ordered cappuccino but the machine was being cleaned. Ordered 2 sm coffee w cream on the side. Got coffee, cream already in it and not very hot. They had us pull frwd. When the came out, they gave us 2 med coffee w cream on the side.
DO NOT EAT HERE. Me and 2 friends work right near this McDonald's. We all have each gotten sick twice on completely different occasions each time we eat here. I'm pretty sure they cook these burgers on the floor.. Don't go here unless you like upset stomachs or puking.
3 stars because it's hit or miss whether your order will be correct or not. Or if they give you utensils to actually eat your meal. 100% check your bag before you leave.
Serivce was horrible i walked in there asked for my drinks serveral times and the workers when lost and confused so i walked in a made my own ice tea then i appertantly caused a distrubance by doing that never going back here.
"The MacDonald restaurants has served the best quality fast food for all ages for many years. For the last 20 years I have purchase the chicken nuggets and the consistency and flavor of the nuggets have not changed, they are just right all the time. Epifania, my 90 years old sister love the French Fry and the Grill Chicken Sandwich. Every time she has them she said  ""There is a whole chicken in this sandwich"" ""It is good for a lunch or dinner.""
Congratulation to McDonald!!"
1st time I came, they said they were closed. It's a 24 hr McDonald's. Second time I came, at 4:30 am, still had to wait more than 15 min in Drive thru for order. Only 3 cars ahead of me. Ridiculous.
Just wondering why if the hours on the door say they   re open for Dine-in unti
Ordered nuggets and 3 drinks. Was asked to move and wait in a spot.  Staff did not even listen to order.
In the morning this McDs is so fast, so friendly and always gets the order right. They don't add something I didn't ask for. The hash browns are always crisp and hot.  When I say light ice they comply.  Thanks morning crew.
I take advantage of the buy one get one breakfast sandwiches. Definitely worth saving your receipts!
The perfect example of what a McDonald's can be. Food was hot and fresh and made to perfect spec. Curbside pickup took under 3 minutes. Good work!
Really like this McDonald's , it's got a double drive through which is nice , fast service and luckily haven't had any issues with their ice cream machine being down ï¿½ï
Slow af I don 
Went inside because the drive-thru line was long. It actually didn't matter, they were just slow over all. Four cars had to pull up and wait for their orders and 2 of those were only drinks.
We just went through the drive through at the McDonald   s on 436 and 17-92. Once again it proves to be our favorite. Vonelle read back our order to make sure and had the 
Worst place ever took 16 minutes in the drive thru to get my order it should take no more than 4 min or less to get food out
Shout out to Hope!! Thank you for your hard work and consistancy this is the only girl and 1st mcdonalds that has gotten my order right..every morning!! You deserve a raise..keep up the good work thank you..customer service A+..lead by example follow Hope she is headed in the right direction.. ½ï¿
Got there in time for breakfast. I can't believe I paid so much for egg McMuffin. It will probably be my last and I will make my own at home from now on.
3rd visit in 3 weeks to the one  simeron in Apopka near hunt club , first time was slow service the second visit I was told at the drive thru they couldn't take anymore orders because the staff didn't show up but yet took orders in the other lane, and today's visit again super slow and after we left the drive thru realized the sweet tea was not sweet. I'm so done with this location!
Good morning good morning the coffee was old the place is dirty I will not come back here again the people are nice but the place is dirty very dirty please clean up paint please cleanest McDonald though the bathroom was dirty the tables were dirty the outside was dirty have a great day
This place is good for a quick bite but if going through drive through make sure to check order before leaving. They usually get something wrong or forget to put something in your order.
Worst McDonalds you can possibly find in Florida. If I could give 0 stars that would be more suitable.  They mess up orders they're the only McDonalds in 10 miles that charges extra after 2 pumps of sugar. They dont understand what "light ice" means and you're going to have problems if you are trying to use their app for coupons. Please do not allow this McDonalds to ruin your experience and take your money, any McDonalds within 5 miles of this location will provide you the proper service McDonalds is iconic for. Take it from a local, stay far away from this location unless you like waiting ridiculous wait times and feeling cheated out of your money. I have visited this location enough times to understand they are literally the worst location I have been to. This is coming from someone who has been all around central Florida. Please do yourself a favor and go to any other McDonalds to get the experience you deserve.
Cashier Jamesha mocking customers laughing in their face. Moving very slow. At her own beat. Very rude. If I were apart of the Wright family she would definitely not be apart of my family business. I was in drive thru for 25 minutes before parking and coming inside all to witness the foolery which has the line backed up in the first place. However Jamesha is the only one who had a name tag on. Everyone looked over worked and under paid. Very slow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Also as I'm writing this review waiting my order it's been 35 minutes here total. The manager sets the tone and she is even slower. Her walk expresses she's lazy
"I've been going to this location most of my life since it's not far from my home. So I've seen this McDonald's go through a lot of changes. The employees here generally have decent attitudes, there are a few that tend to be rude. The store is also dirty a lot of the time. It's a very busy location, and maybe it's from having a lot of foot traffic, but the floor is usually dirty, the drink station will be filthy and wet and sticky, the ketchup area will be out of ketchup, and/or there will be ketchup all over the place, too. The tables tend to be dirty, too, you usually have to clean off your own table. Also they have those light up tables that kids like, and when I go in there with my kid there will be homeless people sitting there, and they won't be eating, and they'll have their stuff all over the place and sit there for hours. And mind you, these tables seat about 8 and there will be one homeless person sitting there. My kid will want to sit there so he can play with the lights, and I'll have to tell him he can't because this one homeless person sitting at one of the largest table, is camping there. The employees don't seem to care at all that these people are doing this despite them sitting there for hours, but buying anything. Sometimes they'll even be sleeping at the table.
The kid's play area is also really crappy. They have nothing for the kids to play on like a playplace. They have 4 of these really crappy touch screen games things that rarely work properly, or at all. When I was a kid they had a huge playplace, which they took out when they remodeled the store. It even had N64's at one point, along with the playplace. But they took it all out and replaced it with a ""sitting"" place instead of a playplace. It's really awful.
So, all in all, this McDonald's is dirty, has a lot of homeless people that practically live there, and isn't really kid friendly. The food is okay, as long as it's hot food (I get a lot of cold food or my order is wrong), and the employees are generally friendly, but there have been a lot of times where the managers are rather lackluster, meaning that you can tell they don't want to be there. This location needs a lot of work. And they need to do something about the amount of homeless people that hang around in there. There hasn't been a single time I've gone there that there wasn't at least one homeless person there taking up the interactive table that kids want to sit at, with all their dirty things sitting on the table itself. The table is by the front counter, too and you can often times smell the homeless person that's sitting there the whole time you're waiting in line and waiting for your food and while you get your drinks. It is not kid friendly at all at this store. With the store being in a nicer part of town you'd expect quite a bit more cleanliness."
This location was awful today. They rang up our order wrong, then gave it to us still wrong. Took over 15 min to get our order and we had to ask for our drink cups so we could at least get our drinks while waiting. As we stood there, we saw almost every person have a problem with their orders. The person at the register was messing up every order and the back kept making the wrong things. Worst visit ever.
Horrible service. Drive thru speaker was not lit up/broken and when I pulled up to order, I was greeted rudely. I asked if I could order at the window and the lady said "i guess so." My order was also wrong and the bacon burger came with no bacon. BAD place to visit during a 3rd shift!!
The food at this store is always done right. They seem to run a good kitchen. Things are served at the right temp and 99% of the time taste great. Unlike other stores where you've got about a 60% chance of great food.
Worst McDonald ½ï¿½
Definitely very good service. I love the Christian music. Very nice and clean. Always love eating inside. I give a 10 star rating. Even higher than 10 as far as I'm concerned.  
There always seems to be a rush and not in a good way. Obvious rush hours are meant to be hectic. But when most of the staff are young and  teenage-ish  and rightfully so because age and mindset it a bit understandable.  But not getting right items with orders, or taking longer the should be to get final order is saying something. Having work in the Food & Beverage industry for numerous years in various positions  I Sympathize. When an Iced flavored coffee is made so sweet  with Syrup it's undrinkable that's not acceptable nor is  Appreciated.
"It's McDonald's not much to say.
Service was pretty fast."
No matter the time of day, this location always messes up my order, shorts me or makes me wait wayyyy toooo long.  Will not be going back to this location as I have given them way too many chances and for years nothing has change other then worse service.
"Two employees preparing the food simply didn't wear a mask. I am highly dissatisfied with the effort put into enforcing the wearing of a mask. Why during this pandemic, which has not settled in the least, have you not have had a keen eye on employees in order to safeguard the wellbeing of your customers. It's unacceptable to have this lack of care while thousands of healthcare workers are having to work day in and out (With a mask on!) To save lives. Consider this message before you enter this McDonald's (Or any restaurant really) because the meal you get can very well be the deciding factor on whether or not you live in weeks time.
And the fries were luke warm.."
I   ve had good and bad experiences here! Haven   t had ti
Ordered 2 fillet o fish sandwiches after not having McDonald's for  months, ordered Xtra cheese got extra tarter instead. Had it remade got no tarter no extra cheese again. This is why ppl  are mad you make such a high wage. :(
The food was at McDonald's standards. But the upkeep of the restaurant was less than average. Garbage cans overflowing. Foot prints all over the floor and the fountain drink dispenser wasn't draining. Its had about an inch of fluid in the waste catcher. You couldn't even set your cups down to fill them up.
This McDonald's, is a McDonald's that we've been frequenting on Wednesdays, we go after dinner, for a little desert with a fairly large group, and we had an excellent experience with a cashier, very friendly and was quick to ensure we had everything we needed. I normally get the turtle brownie sundae, a very delicious treat.
"Pretty much the definition of ""meh"" and ""ok"" service. Had the unpleasant pleasure of having an older lady by the name of Precious take my order and was just awful. She had the worst ""I don't care"" kind of attitude. Worst yet,  I believe she was the shift last or manager.

Either way,  if you don't care for the customer service, the food is usually on par."
"It's 6:15pm, line is SUPER LONG!! Waited a quite of bit of time just to order. So be prepared!!
Food was hot and fresh ( 10 piece nugget meal)"
Get a veggie burger already!! God!!! 
I went to this MC Donald's because it is the closest to my home. The food was well below standard. My fish was cold and so we're the fries. From now on I will go to another MC Donald's. This one sucks. And it wasn't the first time.
Everything Very good, but I ask for fresh fries ,and the spanish manager there wanted me to stay with warm fries ,and I said no...fresh fries are fried in the moment...they should be taught to say give us a minute your fries will be fried at the moment... because the customer is very important for us....and period...
2nd attempt at this location for dessert, didnt have the cinnamon rolls or chocolate drizzle for my mocha frappe    ï¿½ï¿½ï
I went up to fern park McDonald   s   s today and the manager kasey was extremely rude gave me a sassy attitude all because I was missin
Employees were great, food was good
Waited in line for 10mins to get stale, cold, hard, fries. My burger was cold greasy, so greasy the bread was soggy. I mean... What did I wait for? Pretty much good on this location.
Fast and friendly they have no problem giving us extra mayonnaise and salt and pepper. My boyfriend mom always gets no salt because she can't have it and every time they make sure no salt
Went to grab some breakfast here since Chik Fila looked closed. Placed order for 2 Bacon/Egg/Cheese Biscuits and 3 showed up on the screen and the female on the intercom was quite inconvenienced to correct my order. Waited a minute, but when the items didn't appear on the screen, I said "Ma'am?" and her response was "YEA?!" in a condescending, scathing tone. I said never mind and got out of there. Heifer needs a reality check.
Went with Dad to get milkshakes (drive thru) and they were actually out of milkshakes     ½! This is not the first time this branch is out of  
For a McDonald's this place is good.  The staff for the most part are friendly and helpful.  The parking lot and drive-through are well designed.  I also like the fact that this location is open 24 hours.
Shamrock shakes are the best things in the world, I can't resist. I hate fast food but damn, I need these green frozen milk cups of joy. I'm certainly glad that they are not available for too long, I'd be 400 pounds! AND this McD's is open 24 hours a day, how evil!
Lines were long even at 7pm but food was hot at this location and they don't skim on the ice cream cones
Boy, this place is really going down Th He tubes. I ordered a fish sandwich and there was a 1/4 piece of unmelted cheese. It was cold and looked like it was run over by a truck. What's up Golden Arches?
This is the most run down mcdonalds I think there is in existence. What happen all the new models they have everywhere else in Orlando and the country? Came here when I first moved to the area, and was given literally rotten lettuce on my quarter pounder that I paid 30 cents extra for. I bit into the rotten lettuce and that   s how discovered it. I had to talk to the manager and he though making me a new one was fair. Eventually after threatening to rep
Waited over 2 minutes at drive thru pick up window,  gave me drink without straw then was told to pull over and park after waiting. Took over 4 minutes to serve me a swiss/mushroom burger meal. I was the only person in line and only one came behind me. Not sure why I waited over 4 minutes
Cleanest McDonald's I've had the pleasure of stopping in, in a long time.  Friendly people, manager is on top of her game.  #impressed
Sick an tired of ordering food and finding out it's wrong when you get home and open it up. I ordered fish with extra sauce.  The box was marked properly so I left with it. Got home and it was about 1 tablespoon.
Always fast when I'm there food is hot and always treat me with respect. I will be back and will tell everyone I know this is a great McDonald's.
Stopped for nuggets and for once they were fresh. Usually, they're out of the cabinet and have been there well past the discard time, but that's the norm for most McDonalds.
Got someone else's order at curbside but im lovin it
I go very often but today is the last time...You guys never pay attention . i think a good 65% of the time i go,  ive gotten the wrong order in the morning.  Take a little bit more pride in your work, pay attention to detail and care a bit...
Clean, well cooked and prepared food, smiling employees, and modern interior. The nicest McDonald's I have been to in quite a while. Keep up the good work and thank you again.
Loud speaker at drive thru "Due to technical difficulties we're closed." Yet someone is getting served right in front of me?? There's a reason yall are called crackdonalds and nobody goes to yall anymore.  Thought with WAWA opening up across the street this would change,  guess i was wrong for trying.
It took us 20 mins to get to order and get our drinks...So slow...very disappointing...
The staff was helpful and understanding. My McDonald's app doesn't work in drive-thru, the manager was very warm and helpful getting my order filled.
New employees I am ok with it, but they should be able to check orders and go through the order with customers.  Keep forgetting items.
Drink machine had no ice and didn't work. Hamburger was tasteless.
I went at lunch time and ordered my meal and sat down at a chair. they actually brought my food out to me at the table, which I was blown away. I didn't realize they did that at McDonalds. it was a very pleasant experience.
Don ½ï¿
Went there for breakfast in the drive-through they sent me to park so they could bring me my food. I waited for 10 minutes and they never came out so I just left.
Place is very clean, friendly. The food was ready very quick. Nice place workers very helpful and giving.
Regularly not open during listed hours on McDonald's website.
Pleasant employees. Fast and efficient service. I get my coffee here  a lot and it's always made just right!
Great service and great crew
"I always order a double hamburger with extra pickles so I expect to have at least 4 or more pickles cuz it usually comes with 3, but the two I just received only had 1. When I say extra pickle, I mean extra pickle!!!

Update: I ordered the same thing again tonight but only got 1 pattie on each. Last I checked, DOUBLE hamburgers come with TWO patties."
The person who took our order charged us for a large meal and then rang in a small drink. When I questioned the girl giving us our items, she got defensive and accused the drink machine. She argued with us the entire time she was fixing the problems. Never again.
HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE. I ordered a cone and it was a tiny pitiful looking excuse for a cone so I asked the manager [who made it & handed it to me] to remake it the correct size and way. He said 50 cents..it looked like a childs cone..he said you can pay 50 cents or take the cone..I kept insisting he remake it..he suggested to refund my money and I took it and went to Wendy's!! it was crazy how rude the manager and the staff were. I've worked for mcds before and the service I received was extremely below par. Never going to this mcds again.
Very good
Worst McDonalds. The girl at the window had no idea what she was doing. She got an attitude and got her manager because she couldn't handle why we were asking for the new garlic white cheddar burger. Every worker here makes it obvious they don't want to work.
Says 10-20 minute delivery yet for the past year it ½ï¿
It says they're open 24/7 but when I got to the drive through at 1 am they said they're closed
If you like your burgers with extra Grease this is the place. It's the worst McDonald's I've ever been to. The outside box was only the beginning
Very poorly customer service I asked for a carmelfrapa got it with no Carmel because they didn't have any in the store I wasn't told at all I had to go inside from drive thru to find that out very unsatisfied..
Drive thru is not what it use to be. They take far to long to be fast food, because I thought it suppose to be 30 seconds. And half the time they mess up my order.
They made my burger just like I wanted it. Nice and hot.  
Thanks for the help! Staff is very professional and courteous. The place is quiet and clean. Thanks again. ï¿½ï
"It seems like they are short-handed.
I appreciate the people who choose to go to work.  We need Americans to choose to go to work !!!!!
America needs You!!!"
The people that work there DO NOT LISTEN to their customers you order one thing and they don   t listen and just give you whatever they w
It is the cleanest one we've ever been in..and the service was so pleasant.  It was nice to eat inside too
"Pretty bad salad. This was the second time the salad was not fresh at all. Turning brown.
Manager was nice enough to have another one made and refund. But not worth the wait."
Drive thru went quick order was listed on screen paid and received order order was hot and correct no problems
Hot fries a must, not so hot last visit, experienced ice cream maker, please tii
Never had a problem at this McDonald's. Staff is always friendly. Now the 1 in the Wal-Mart shopping center in Casselberry sucks rude workers and nasty establishment.
super nice  And the full it was fresh
"Asked the girl if she can drop me fresh McChickens please, keep in mind I got four of them, they handed me McChickens that weren't even lukewarm.
Smh.
Weren't even busy."
I placed mobile order and went to drive thru to pick up and told me to park! I waited almost half an hour and my order was still incorrect. What's purpose of ordering on line if don't get it promptly?
Got my order wrong by forgetting to put the meat in the hamburger I ordered. Had to drive all the way back because they don 
Always Great Service and Employees here.  Plus food. Always good hot and fresh!!!
Chicken nuggets were fresh and hot. They needed no sauce. I went through the drive-thru and they were very efficient.
"This McDonald   s chicken sandwich tasted like they changed the cooking oil once a year nasty
Plus they always forget something by th"
They never get the order right and be prepared to wait for them to fix it
Just very long line and wait due to the university students
Bummed!!! The girl behind the counter was so helpful. Pretty upsetting that ALL of the sandwiches in my order were wrong. Yay...my fries were right!
Pretty much what you expect from McDonald's. There's multiple drive thrus, which is good and makes it faster to get you're food compared to other ones without them.
"This McDonald's looks like a McDonald's should. It's a good McDonald's. Great, even. Good food, too.

Built in 1989, this McDonald's is true McDonald's quality, whatever that is. Good service. Good-quality food. Clean interior. Modern on the inside, classy on the outside. Perfectly balanced, as McDonald's should be."
Misha and crew were awsome first I sd 60 nuggets strong noooo it was 80 nuggets strong....THANK YOU GUYS  ½ï¿½ï¿½ï
Went at 2am and they said there closed!? It says 24 hours ! Lazy as s workers
I like this location. Always clean and not too busy. Recommended
McDonald's is good however they're set up on how they take coupons causes the customer to accidentally pay normal price
This location at this time was ok. Order for my Friend was as they wanted..
Worst service.  Waited 20 minutes for 6 piece buttermilk chicken tender meal in drive thru, and they got it wrong THREE times before getting my order.
Very nice, quiet and super clean place, and if you like high tech looking restaurants then you are at home, in the other hand, the food quality excellent, highly recommended..
I order 10 pieces of nuggets for my pregnant wife, when we got home to eat not only was it missing 2 nuggets BUT THERE WAS HAIR IN HER NUGGETS AS WELL!
They were fast and the cheeseburgers we ordered were perfect. Probably the best McDonalds we've had in a while!
Always busy, fast service - I love the Sausage & Egg McMuffin + the Iced Coffee drinks! Friendly & Professional Staff.
Food wasn't the greatest and they made meet wait for something so simple and they probably could use some customer service training.
The food is ok. The price is ok. If you go through the drive through, they always make you pull forward because your food isn't ready yet.
"ZERO STAR RATING!
15 MINUTE WAIT FOR ONE EGG MCMUFFIN, COFFEE & HASH BROWN!!!
And you'll want $15.00 an hour........"
It was ok as far as food from McDonald's goes. The service was fast and the lady who took my order was nice.
Real friendly staff, but the last time I came here there were salt and pepper shakers at every table like a real restaurant but now there's just salt and pepper packets
French fries so yummy in my tummy
We went post hurricane. They would not take debit cards, and only had limited menu items. Such a mess here in FL.
The food here is generally good, but I've noticed that their nuggets are kind of a gamble on freshness.
Always missing food
Very clean, the remodel looks fantastic. The staff was friendly. Had an enjoyable lunch there today
Always fresh when I go there and the staff are friendly never have an attitude like at other McDonald's
Always have top notch service and food at this location. Never disappointed.
Girl at the window was nasty and major attitude. Pulled out of line and left.
Its McDonalds not much more to say other than this is one of the locations using the order kiosks which opens up a whole new way to customize your fast food adding things you may have previously not known available
I can find just about anything I need. The staff are always very helpful.  Im in a wheelchair and they are more then willing to help me.
I am not a great fan of McDonald's but the drive-thru was quick and the food was as expected.
Pretty good for a Mc'd. My late night drive thru visits were usually pretty quick and the staff pretty friendly.
I don   t frequent this restaura
Best McDonald's in the area, even when they have long lines they manage then very well.
The store has been getting a lot better over the months, would recommend!
Drive thru a little slow but friendly people and food on par
Good morning outstanding service the coffee was fresh the food was great the place was clean the staff was great have a great day
Love this location. Everyone is so nice and my order is always correct.
It was decent they messed up my cheeseburger by putting onions on it but otherwise decent
The drive thru employees are always very nice.
every time i visit this place i truly get sick. i think its some thing to do with how they refrigerate the food.
Order usually comes out wrong, but they usually fix it quickly. The employees are treated terribly!
This is a wonderful facility, well laid-out, classic McDonald's menu items.  We enjoyed it!
Loving how they are making new changes including in the menu. Hopefully they will bring back The Chilli Sauce.
Really love mc D's been there since I turned 4 years old
Very slow! Drive thru line was wrapped around the building so I went in to order. Took 15 minutes to get a cheeseburger and fries.
Got to love the McD fries, been a long time since I was here but when I tasted the fries, it's the best , no doubt.
I have never had an order wrong here. Service is usually great.
Ordered through app & pick up takes a little longer here. Staff isn't as together as other locations.
Ur food will be hot sometimes cold or they will yet the oder wrong
The quarter pounder looked like it had been dropped multiple times, was in 3 pieces and way over seasoned.
Perfect amount of salt on my fries. They supplied an ample amount of sauce with my nuggets.
It's McDonald's.  ½
Angel is a great worker at the drive thru window! Very nice and quick@
This restaurant has been remodeled and it looks great. The service is good and the food is fresh.
I always go to the same place and today was the worst customer service experience ever
Went in ordered 1 mcdouble 1 mcchicken an it was a manager that took my order that didn't know how to use the register and charged me for 2 mcchicken a and a mcdouble didn't notice until I already paid an was halfway home
The morning crew is professional, to they are a stellar group,  but the midnight shift is horrible, food is cold, desserts we're squashed and when I showed them the muffins she said"that's how they came out"
Food is always really fresh. Very expediente service.
"Disappointing
No McRib or chicken nuggets available"
Very good lunch was hot and nice just the way I like it
Just had a quick coffee and pastry. Hit the spot when in a rush.
I only give it 3 strars because they need to install a cover for when it's raining to make our orders so our whole car doesn't get soaked
It was okay.Have not been there in over 10 years.
Very polite at the drive thru and order is always correct
Average....almost every time I visit this place, however, it always smells like garbage! The staff is quite friendly, though!!
Food was excellent! Friendly employees. Restaurant was clean and so were the restrooms. A++
I'm not a fan of McDonald's food, but I work nearby, so sometimes I walk where when I forget my lunch. The managers are friendly here, and that says a lot.
I ask for some extra fries with the order and they did not gave it to me
The first time I've ate McDonalds in a very long while.  It was very fresh and a very pleasant change.  I will be going back.
I always like coming to this McDonald's it's always clean the staff is always friendly and they were pretty quickly.
I went to use the ketchup machine and it was messed up it went all over my close I complained about it all they told me they where sorry.  And j just bought that close!!!!very upset.
Nice and clean environment, prompt service and order filled correctly, what else could I ask for?!?!?!
Apparently not open 24 hours. Need updated info.
Quick service and a nice large parking lot yo sit and eat and watch the traffic go by
Very very slow in the mornings and employees are not too friendly
Food is great time to make your self conscious choice for a good deal!
I can never stop eating cheese burger. Love this place!
They seemed like they gave me old food and the fries was to hard and the buns as well
Great service very clean restrooms. Clean dinning room friendly staff
A little stale.....waited over 15min. for our Drive thru order.....
"Lol. It's McDonald's what do you expect. But man, this is bottom of the barrel. Even for McDonald's it's terrible. Drive the extra 5 minutes to the other one.

3/5 for food.
-5/5 for service."
Tables are dirty most of the time, good food, fast, weird people.
Consistently deliver tasty food and fast service.
Fries were cold and seemed like they were dropped back in the grease after already being cooked so were the nuggets.
Not as fresh as I would have liked it, but it was good.
Best place to grab a bite
Good service. Friendly staff. Food was served fast and hot
Nice employees but waited 15 min for cold food
Food was nice, hot and fresh. Will be back
Stopped for a quick breakfast to go.The guy inside was super quick and friendly.
Great service
Got my order wrong, didn ½
The food sucks.. how do they mess up a kids meal and give some cold fries no bueno
McD's needs to stop messing with the $1 sodas!!
The fries were old and the fish sandwich literally had a 1/2 slice of cheese with a pinch of tartar sauce
Always have a good experience when I do arrive.
Fries were kind of cold but the wait was no so bad
Service is excellent about the food sometimes comes out cold
Drive thru times vary. Faster to go inside during the evening rush
Service was a bit slow, food was good, nothing wrong.
The worker ignored me and started helping another customer in the midst of explaining to me about the new iced turtle macchiato
Service was fast, even though it was busy.
Service was a little slow. But people were nice
Amazing worker's and it's faster than all the other McDonald's I've been to
Best mcdonalds. Food tastes good. Service is pretty quick.
Addicted to caramel frappe and fresh French fries ughhhh...lm lovin' it
We did not get the sauces for the chicken nuggets combos.  
It   s a Mc
NOT a 24hr store. Either that or workers that refuse to fulfill orders
Quick service
Burgers are good . Just check your bag before leaving the drive thru
Typical spot can always use customer service help... & get a order correct
They need help badly.
Lost my order while the place was almost empty. Chicken tenders were overcooked.
Always fast service picking up for UE or DD.  Thanks guys!
Very clean place very precise very good happy to go there
Love there breakfast menu. Who cant eat breakfast at any time of the fay. Right
I can't remember so it must have been good.
Put Cheese on my Sauage McMuffin I couldn't put no jelly on there the web tasted nasty
The soda the Coke and dr. Pepper or both MD just straight water no ice in the machine and all the people working there are just laughing and joking around acting like a bunch of high school kids
They need more employees on the overnight shift
Close to I-75 easy on & off the Interstate Exit 5 from I-75, friendly service.
Coffee was hot and the staff is friendly, thank you for your customer service!
This McDonald's on Semoran, just passed 1792 is the best one that I've been to ever!
Good service and drive thru line always moves fast
Open 24 hours unless closed randomly for a few hours here and there...
They dork up the kids meal every time and the fries are never fresh....but it's a standard place.
Drive thru wasn't too busy, received my food within 5 min
a bad service, only cash, at 4:30 am they only receive Cash, BAD SERVICE
My son and his vanilla milkshakes! Good service and short wait.
I ordered a grilled chicken sandwich and it was tough and undercooked. I do not recommend.
What can I say? McDonalds is the fast foid king/queen.
No spicy nuggets! Fast and the girls are young n kind
Good food just slow service? Oh and no ketchup.
Like most McDonalds they are terrible at remembering that we asked for signature sauce.
Coffee always the best. Good Customer service finally
Save yourself the trouble
Always somethi wrong with my food I hot a soda instead of juice and my food was cold
It's McDonald's, good for a quick bite and decent food whenever I show up.
The burger was good but the fries wasn't fresh.
As has been for the last year slow, slow service. Went inside this time, no better.
I love it its nice i got the kid meal to it was greatï¿½
Dirty, slow, inefficient. They now bring your food to your table. They forgot me. So my food was colder than usual.
I love their ice coffee.  I go 4x week for it
My two Quarter pound burgers are so salty. Someone hands are pretty heavy to add too much salt.
The food was just as expected. The place was clean and friendly. I'll be going back.
Although doing construction  at drive thru wait time was not long.
Pictures are misleading. No way does that chicken sandwich is so big liar liar pants on fire!!
This McDonald's is always clean &employees are always so kind & helpful!
Their fish sandwiches and hot fudge sundaes are awesome!! ½ï¿½
Very friendly and professional every time I go through the drive-thru
Had very nice customer service this morning and fast service
Professional and Fast service. Food always is as fresh as McDonald's can be.
Real nice employees  
Very clean and great food  ½ï¿
You can't go wrong with having an amazing breakfast at McDonald's
"My daughter loves happy meals...
And I usually get breakfast"
Well don't ask them for a cup of ice you might be lucky to get six cubes
Not good waited to long for food and then the order was wrong..
Fast and friendly
Super fast drive thru and nice kids
Excellent and very good people
Wrong orders....watch what they give you.....double order lanes ..mean double mistakes
Always good for a fast burger, fries and shake.
Best McDonald's in area. Great staff.
Fast service and good products.
Great place to get Vegan products and entertainment while shopping !
Excellent service! But everyone has room for improvement
Restaurant with clean people are friendly it was a good place to go
This mcdonalds is good, correct order. Good quality
Good customer service and short wait time.
Took a bit to get our food. Staff was friendly
Quick lines. Fries always hot!
These are a great group of employees with customer service foremost
Good place to eat when u work third shift
Food say on the counter for like 5 min before they handed me the bag.
Associates are friendly.  Very seldom get wrong orders. One of the cleaner stores.
This one is always fast and usually gets it right the first time.
I like to swing by here and get water for the kids.  You can't beat McDonalds filtered water!
Management has been getting better
Food is yucky, greasy, fake, but  if you get the fries w/o salt, you have a  winner
Not as great as wendys but i do love their fries.
Very quick and order was spot on
Bread was  hard meet was cold looks like a old sandwich
always good a little expensive but great, fresh
Very good customer service!
Always getting my early morning coffee & awesome customer service!  ½ï¿½
New construction has grown the place to small. Dont like it.
I always have problems with my food!
Good food, great deals w app
Love my McChickens with buffalo sauce $1.
Unprofessional staff, and clearly showing poor care about customers!
Best McDonald's in Orlando where it's always quick, friendly and hot!
Would be more but my spicy mcchicken was very stale
It's ok.the service stinks took too long
Friendly staff, and good food (for McDonald's)
Coo for what it's worth. Not a big fast food restaurant person
Takes a little long to get your food
They fast at the.  Drive thru ..,
Food is fresh during day and usually served fresh.
Breakfast is priced rigjt 2 egg mcmuffins for 3.55
I think they make a good food
The food is the same each week but it's not that good
Always busy, but fast accurate service
Professional staff, hard working
Food's always hot n frwsh
New counters. Greeter at the door very clean quick service
Horrible, most likely not stopping by this location again.
Pretty decent food. Clean facility.
Typical visit. Fries were good.
Curbside pickup in the rain & under 5 minutes! :)
That's all you get. Service is mediocre.
Listening is a big problem but overall it's ok
They did us a good one today
Its McDonald's. Pretty consistent. It is what it is
Service good , food value good !
Good drive through service
Prices have gone up too much.  Can not afford.
Cleanest and friendliest place I've been to!
Fast and friendly.  Your average McDonald's.
Food not hot sloppy sandwich.
Customer service pm is awful, on morning  regularly personnel is better
Probably the worst McDonald's I've ever been in.
It was clean and not crowded.
They fixed all the mistakes and were good...
Ice cream machine broken on the 4th of july.
Yuck!
I love the $ 1:00 chicken sandwich.
I Love it ½
Great service thank you
Always a fast good meal
At least they got my order right.
Nice people, but made us feel sick.
The staff are always friendly.
They got rid of the Hi-C orange drink..  ½ï¿½ï¿½ï
Store has been there for decades.
Great food .... friendly staff
Gotta love mickey ds
Love it yall r the besttt!!!!!
Dirty tables no lids for the cups
Great food, good service!!!
Hot fries no complaints
Slowest McDonalds in the world and cold french fries
Very clean. Staff was nice.
Very good time with my grandson  !
Fast service with no mistakes!
ýýýýýýýý Their food is terrible and unhealthy. ýýý
Nice offerings and great attitudes.
Not the best place to go your  Older is never right
Friendly fast and efficient service
Love their customer service
Wow very organized and clean 
Always good service
This location rocks! Always
They are not 24 hours
My favorite place to go for a quick meal
No self-served-automated order takers
No Greeting, no smiles, poor customer service.
Wonderful staff. Very friendly.
Nice people working here
Food was cold staff unprofessional
Excellent customer service.
Clean, great customer service
Drive thru was perfect!
Frozen treats are always the greatest
Slowest mcdonalds
It's a Mickey D's. You know already.
Atmosphere is pleasant,people is great.
Friendly staff and quick service
Great breakfast and clean facilities
CLEAN...CUSTOMER SERVICE WAS GOOD.
Super friendly
The people was kind and polite
Found an actual worm inside my cheese burger
Service is very slow.
Hot fast food. Good service
Eh, fast food whaddya expect
ýýýý ýýý
Very good service and food
Fast curious and food fresh
Bring Angus back  all burgers beed
Very slow service today!!
Good food. Fast service.
I surprisingly liked the chicken strips
Fast and customer service was a1
Clean and cashier was polite.
Almost $4 for one small breakfast biscuit is outrageous!!!!!!!!!
Classic tasty I still enjoy
Slow service food is cold
Good quick service
Alex went above and beyond to assist
Fresh and hot food!
Fries are always perfect at this one!
Every 1 luvs Micki ds
They're good.
Fresh food good staff
Great customer service!!
Fast food, what's therw to say?
Long line at drive thru
Always great food
Well it was pretty cool actually
Server was on point. Great.
staff is always friendly.
Friendly staff, hot food
Great service
Just a quick meal for home
Wrong food every time
Slow service and bad food.
Very good
Regular mc a dee'd.
Good
It ½ï¿½ï¿
pretty decent place
Ive been waiting for a half hour
This McDonald's is consistently good.
Friendly and fast service
Good fast service.
It was all good  
The manager was great!
Typical fast food place
Wonderful customer service!!!
I love ice cafe
Good food
Very nice staff
Wonderful,  great service.
Best French fries!
Slow and food was cold
Pretty quick inside
Warm cookies and smiley faces
This is how a McDonald's should run!
Great miccy ds
The sandwich was delicious.
Trouble not ever again
Good food
Exelent. Fast service
Love McDonald's Fry's.
Very good
They suck
Fast food
Good food good service
Quick service
Hot food, fast service!
Worst customer service!
Fun times
Good food
Dirty and slow service
Great job
Nice place and clean
Good iced tea!
It's McDonald's food is good
Great  
Free wifi
Nice  hot fast food
This place sucks ..
Great place.
Its McDonalds....what else can I say.
Nice and efficient.
Hot food Good tea
very slow service
Good food and service
Yuck
I love it
Nice pla e.
It was good and fast
No way
It's was what you'd expect
It's fast, it's efficient, it's McDonald's
No good
Very nice place
Everything was excellent
Breakfast was good
Good  
Friendly. Always.
Its ok
Need new help
Standard but slow
Its ok
Great employees
Always long waits
Nothing different really
Just okay
Love mc Donald's
Ok
McDonald's is always good
It was ok
Taste like mcd
I'm loving it.....
Fast and friendly
Only go for breakfast.
Cold fries ï¿½ï
Fast! Hot!! Awesome!!!
Loved the icecream
Great service !
"It's McDonald's.

What more do you want?"
Always does the job
Food is good.
Gross! Cold food!
No complaints.
Just Mickey D's
Awful
Great services
Great Place!
Mmmmmm
Quick snack stop!
Hot and fast!
The usual
Fast and friendly
Wasnt fresh
Like dollar choice
Great restroom
Love,  love,  love this place.
Exellent
I'm loving it
Slow service.
Good service
All was good
Very clean!
Excellent service
Great food
It stays busy
Great place to be
Good service
Live it
Wonderful
Good  times
Got what I wanted
EXCELLENT
Nice environment
Good
Fast , friendly
McDonalds
Fast service
Fast tasty food
Fast
Love
Super fast
Great
Nice
It was excellent
Good
Slow
I ½ï¿½ï¿½ï
Good
Slow as a hell.
Friendly staff
Terrible place
Slow
Slow
Typical McDonald's
Breakfast
Get service
Fast service
Yep
No
Fast service
in out quick
Fast service
Not for me
Pep
Nice place
Excellent 
Typical
Lousy service
It is what it is
typical McDonalds
Hot Fries!!
Happy place
Snoopy toys
Awesome!!!
It is what it is
Mac is mac
Fresh Fries
It's McDonald's
Awesome!!!
#eatoutside
Solid McDonald's
Cold fries
Its McDonald's......
It was McDonald's
Convenience
The friees ½ï¿½ï¿½ï
ýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýýý
Worst customer service ever
A very bad experience every time I visited this place the staff is very arrogant they have no customer friendliness it seems that they also have a lot of racism towards Hispanics what a pity they put such a reputable place in hand for many years all the staff are very unpleasant they make you wait too long and when they serve you they have a bad attitude ... I really do not recommend it to anyone
The place is very clean
Located in a good place, it was not crowded and it took a long time to serve.
Excellent service
It takes a long time for the order to come out
This place is excellent, but the one on 17/92 and Oratio Av Maitland is a disaster.
The service is very delayed, we wait for more than 20 thousand for two cold coffees and some fries
The place is very clean but the food is cold.
Bah yes yes yes dum
Normal what can be said about McDonald's the delicious potatoes
It is a place to have a drink and an appetizer, talk for a while with friends, but I do not consider it the best restaurant.
to calm hunger it is perfect, but we all know that it is food (junk).
I like shortbreads and breakfasts
I liked it but it lacked attention
I like it because I have known and I have also learned a lot.
This mcDonalds is super spacious, I love it!
Terrible service...
Very good
clean good attention
Fast and satisfied with their services
Alright
My kids love it
I love this place
Very good attention ï¿½ï
my favorite restaurant
Clean and fast service
Well
I liked the breakfast...
Love the big mac
I'm here
excellent big mac
Terrible
Regulate the taste of hamburgers
Excellent 
Poor 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Jet
Poor 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Terrible
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
excellent
Excellent 
Only
Yummmm
excellent
Jeth
Excellent 
Delay
Good 
I love
Poor 
Delight
Breakfast
Lovely
Excellent 
Very slow
Delicious!!
Good 
Good 
Poor 
Normal
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Terrible
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Poor 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Fascinating
Poor 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Poor 
Poor 
Excellent 
Good 
Terrible
Good 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Terrible
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Terrible
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Poor 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Terrible
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Terrible
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Poor 
Good 
Excellent 
Poor 
Terrible
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Poor 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Poor 
Neutral
Excellent 
Poor 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Terrible
Terrible
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Neutral
Poor 
Good 
Good 
Terrible
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Terrible
Terrible
Poor 
Terrible
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Neutral
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Poor 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Terrible
Neutral
Neutral
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Poor 
Good 
Neutral
Neutral
Terrible
Excellent 
Good 
Terrible
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Poor 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Terrible
Terrible
Excellent 
Excellent 
Terrible
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Poor 
Excellent 
Poor 
Terrible
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Terrible
Neutral
Neutral
Neutral
Good 
Good 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Terrible
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Poor 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Terrible
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Poor 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Terrible
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
"Disappointing. McDonald   s is my standby for fast food. Normally I get consistent food with decent, sometimes amazing service. I know it   s not going to the gourmet but better than waiting at an untested restaurant for more expensive and worse food.

Shrink-flation at its best.  Half filled fries. Soda with no refills. Seriously? Especially now that a combo meal costs $9.

At first I thought it was because the restaurant was newer but after looking at these review"
For the size of the building and play facilities in this McDonald's it's the biggest and the best. If you're looking for customer service not a chance.  You're better off using the kiosks and have patience waiting for your order. I'll recommend this place for the experience only and works with your children.
This McDonald's was awesome, I've never been to a McDonald's where the service was so good and the food options were amazing      ½ï¿½ï¿½
Haven   t seen a nice McDonald ½ï¿½
Nice place for kids to grab quick fries! Close to Hilton Orlando. Just a walking distance if you need something. Next to them there ½
The manager at this store is absolutely outstanding . They just reintroduced the steak bagel and I said what can I change the bread to a McGriddle and she did that without a single question. I even went as far as to ask her if I have the round egg instead of the folded and she jumped right to it and that was fantastic. Try it sometime it's wonderful thank you very much and God bless.
I put in an order for in-store pickup but didn't realize that the dining room closed at 12. The store manager Emma and the rest of the staff were super accommodating and allowed us into the building and got us our food very quickly. Great customer service!
Visited the 'world's biggest McDonald's on international drive. Pizza and burger ordered were great, however, had to wait over an hour for food as it was so busy. Pizza also came first, (table delivery) and advised remainder of the order would be delivered shortly. Had to then ask again after around 15 minutes. Order was quickly brought but believe this would have been forgotten if we had not asked. Overall good was fine, but service poor due to being so busy!
It   s McDonald ½
We were inside a Walmart McDonald's. My granddaughter has food allergies to egg & dairy. So there are only a few things that she can have. We had ordered her a kids happy meal with apple slices but they gave us french fries instead. The beef frying oil has dairy in it so she can not have the french fries and they were all out of apple slices. Next we ordered apple juice. They were all out of apple juice as well. The girl employee that was trying to help us did not believe me that the french fries had dairy in it. A happy meal hamburger and apple slices is all she can have here. Was not happy with the service here. The food and service times are not the same as it used to be.
They would do a lot better if they didn't park every car in the drive thru. I know they do this just to make their drive thru time look better to the higher-ups, but it absolutely ridiculous . Simply process your orders faster and give customers their order. Every time I've been parked, I've ended up waiting 5-10 minutes! When I'm only ordering 1 or 2 combos, it makes it a little asinine.
Inside counter served all takeout orders before any dine in customers. Watching customers that ordered over 10mins after myself get theirs first. After getting the food the fries and Big Mac were both ever under cooked. This place shouldn't even be open
Ordered thru the app which was a quick and easy process. Mcflurry and shakes were broken and unavailable at the time of visit. Parked in curbside pickup as drive through line was long. Quickly and accurately received my order.
I visited this location 5/5 at 5:07 pm. The 2 young ladies (black and Hispanic) that was handling the food was very rude and rounding their eyes when I asked for fresh fires. When she handled me the fries with an attitude here you go. First and last time visiting this location. Smh customer service training needed asap
didnt give it 1 star because the food was good but around 4 days ago, i went at night through the drive thru and I gave my McDonald's app code to get the points, i ordered something that was 15 dollars in total and they charged me 31 dollars and the reason for this was that the guy that was taking care of the drive thru applied my McDonald's app code to another car order( my card is linked to the app ) and I ended up paying for their food, i know this because they guy asked my name and when I told him he said something to the manager and I said, yeah I think that car  is using my code , the guy just said " is your lucky day go to the next window "  It was late at night so I didn't give it much thought because I didn't know just by giving your code you can get charged  but next day I got surprised when my account got charged twice. Tried calling but they didn't solve my issue this is why I am leaving a review
The manager was rude, I waited for more than 40 minutes, understanding that they were busy.  but everyone who wanted to ask her was stressed.  The worst customer service, additionally, tells me that my refund will be from 5 to 10 days since after 45 minutes waiting.  It only said that there were many orders.
Friendly, fast service.  Kiosks made it easy to place your order.  The food was delicious and hot.  Very busy location, but hardly no wait. The dining area was nice and clean.
No cashiers/order takers; you must use their self-service kiosk which they have several of. You take a number sign to your table and staff will deliver your order to your table; however, this wasn't the case for us. The employee came from around the counter and yelled our number while she stood in the nearly empty lobby. We were seated less than 6 feet away from her and in her line-of-sight. We raised our hand and said, "that's us". She saw us, but made no attempt to deliver the food. I don't mind getting up and getting the food from her despite the kiosk saying it would be delivered to our table, but, I'm feeling a little like an unpaid employee at this point...we placed the order ourselves as well as served ourselves the food despite paying the same amount for the food that a full-service McDonald's charges. Several people in-store and in drive thru returned food due to being cold, old or not made correctly. This included us...at 1:00 in the afternoon the nuggets were cold, chewy and seemed old. I would think this wouldn't be the case given 1:00 p.m. is during the lunch rush. Fries were cold presumably because they were sitting on the tray well before the rest of the food was ready. Double cheeseburger was made correctly (no mustard or pickles), but bun was not warm/dry and cheese was cold/not melted. 4 managers were in the kitchen (button-up shirts with ties) along with 6 employees yet there was a lot of standing around doing nothing and operating with a shuffle-paced, leisurely-stroll walk. I worked at McDonald's and Burger King as a teenager and was always told, "If you got time to lean, you've got time to clean", and that was during slow/dead times, not lunch rush. I will say that the manager I returned my double cheeseburger and fries to (we ended up just eating our stale nuggets because we were told it was going to be 5-10 minutes for fresh ones) was nice and when I told her she could just microwave my burger she insisted on making a new one.
Visited 6/15/2023 drive through closed at 11:00 pm
2 adults ww children breakfast meals. Had to go back to service counter 3 times no eggs in meal. Then again hole in cup hot water everywhere. Then tea bag had hole in so back to counter. Food was cold by time we all sat down to eat. No apologies were given!!!!!
horrific service. this is NOT the "world's largest McDonald's" as people are reviewing on here, this is the location on international Dr near the OCCC. ordering at the drive thru took almost 20 minutes (this did not include waiting for the food), the man speaking kept whispering and getting an attitude despite us saying we could not hear him, did not correctly take our order, would just not say anything for multiple minutes at a time. i have never in my life been to a McDonald's with worse service. avoid at all costs
Rude and unattentive staff.   They were not even busy and I asked can I order my food at the register basically was told you have to use the kiosk and she walked away from me.  Not offering any type of assistance or making you feel welcome in any way.  I turned around and walked out the door.
Went through the drive-thru and had a pre-order. They rushed us through, they were busy, then when we took a bite we found out that the Sandwiches were completely wrong. Not even worth going back for. It's happened multiple times at this location.
It was a clean and convenient location, but we were quite disappointed with the service and food we ordered.  We clearly specified using the McDonalds app that we wanted a quarter pounder no mustard, no pickles, no onions.  We received a fully loaded quarter pounder.  AND when the lady delivered our app order to our car, she intentionally stopped far enough so we had to reach backwards to get her food.  She made no effort to offer the food.  She made us get it where she was.  McDonalds needs to review procedures with the staff and seek to improve the customer experience there.
Always friendly staff. Fairly clean and food to order. Shout out to all workers and managers!
They have new self serve order kiosks but they are very difficult to navigate. They are not very intuitive at all. My order took three times as long to be brought out. Good idea on the kiosks but very poor execution. While I was waiting on my order they had to come and tell two different people that they were out of what they ordered (fish sandwich and something else). Store was newly renovated inside and out and looked very nice but I will not be back.
Rude staff.  Slow food delivery.  Kiosk may save the owner money but it is slow and convoluted.  Not sure why you take a number for table side service and then have to go to counter to pick it up.   Food quality is poor.
Atmosphere is cool and unique. Ordered pasta and cheesesteaks. The wait time was forever, service was definitely slow. But it was also Easter and spring break weekend. But what was odd was that we got our cheesesteaks and waited an extra 30 minutes for our fries and milkshakes. That was weird and frustrating.
Waited to long at drive thru, while other line was moving. App code for deal canceled out and I had to wait for the code to appear again. Crew not helpful at drive thru or inside.
Staff stole $250 out of a bag that my little sister had brought absolutely devastated never go here such cheeky and careless staff I am so angry do not go to this McDonald ½ï
5-30-19 - On the way back from all day at Universal Island of Adventures, so decided on a cheaper meal to end the night. Had dinner with family here. Busy night, but able to order our meals from the auto screens instead of counter, and pay. Cool, since in Georgia they haven't caught on at many yet. Ordered several meals and customized my Buttermilk Crispy Chicken sandwich meal to include bacon, pickles, and cheese, and a large fry. Service was great for me. They managed to work around us and keep things clean in the eating areas and bathrooms. Enjoyed the experience. Went back for dessert, but paid at the counter, and let them know we appreciated the service.
Do not order here,  the fries were only full and they didn't give me any of my sauces very dissatisfied. When I called at 2:30 am the lady who answered was so rude!!!!
How do you go to a McDonald   s that says 24 hours there 
If I could give 0 starts I would, been here several times and the service is trash! They never have anything! Didn   t have ranch sauce, or McFlurry, or any other hamburgers!! They only had nuggets and this is what I get with a white stuff in it! Don ½ï¿½
Being in the area this is a must see place. Had a great meal overall. It was busy but got almost all our food very quick but the pizza. Quite understandable that the pizza would take longer but the only thing is that by the time it arrived my fries were almost cold. No big deal but they should keep that in mind. Other than that the pizza was great and service was good. I   ve worked McDonald ½ï¿
"Very busy drive thru. Cars were lined up literally around the building from pick up windows all the way to the front on the restaurant facing International Drive. Informed at the window that they were out of food items we ordered, and asked if we can order something else.

However, even though we had a big order everything was in the bag. The food were also hot and fresh."
The kids wanted it ...the kids loved it they had nuggets and fries....it's McDonald's...the service at drive through is borderline passive aggressive  but you can't complain well it's like say your order and here's your meal...lol but it's McDonald's
Really nice McDonalds but the waiting is horrible, no one is taken the in house orders, only drive thru is being taken care of, I've been standing here for 27 minutes until I got to put in my order, not a word said to me about the wait, only 3 of the 8 desserts have labels. Right next to me a customer brought up a buttermilk crispy chicken that got everything on it except for the chicken. After receiving my order McDonald's employee I was telling waiting customers to use the touch screen, One customer said she didn't know how to use it so she was told by the McDonald's employee to continue to wait. I finally got my order after 39 minutes after coming in through the door.
Went through the drive-thru and ordered my food and when it got to the window only charged  for one meal and I had asked for two then had told me to pull over to the side and waited for a long time that forgotten about me. So I had to go back in and tell them about my order. And when I went back to let them know they  gave me look like I was bothering. I've never apologized ....poor management!!
"This morning 10/11/2022, went through the drive thru for my breakfast.  Two things medium Hot mocha plain and sausage mcmuffin. Paid and advanced to the next window.  Here is where things went wrong!
The blue shirt manager  ( last name begin with an A) on duty Had a serious attitude.  She did not acknowledge my order so she gave me the wrong order. She gave me a bag with a sandwich and hash brown and walk away as if that was my order. I sat there until she saw me and I told her I am waiting for my coffee . She said the there is no coffee on the order. I showed her the receipt and she walk on to the coffee and gave to me. Now I was going to let everything go until I heard her say these words after asking for napkin to wipe the chocolate OFF THE CUP.  Which is her job .
Her Words loud and clear
""FOR GOD SAKE""
I know I only spent a few dollars but IT don't justify getting attitude because this is your job.
I ask for a refund.."
Arrived at the McDonald's at 10:20PM, and the posted hours said the location was open until 12:00AM. An employee locked the door and barricaded it with a trash bin and didn't let us in until we mobile ordered, although another employee seemed confused by this. Another employee was also telling people that the lobby was closed (again, even though the hours stated that the location would be open until 12AM). Additionally, while this happened, there were at least a dozen people sitting down and eating, and there were empty tables.
I   ve never reviewed a fast food restaurant before because my expectations are never too high anyway. Father   s Day, drive thru at noon we were seriously in line for 25 mins. This one has two separate planes to order) The order taker was very slow coming to the speaker for all the vehicles, when paying we were barely acknowledged, but the worse was to come. When at the next window to get our food.. the person did not even look at me.. literally just handed a bag out the window, then handed the drink out the same way..partially angled down towards me. Better yet, check out the new crispy chicken deluxe.  
We visited this while on a vacation to Orlando with our team. What an experience. There's a lot of different food options including PIZZA! The place is amazing. If you are ever in or near the Orlando area it is absolutely worth the time to stop in and see this place. Unbelievable.
Great Mcdonalds! Really love the clean store, the big mac is delicious and so are the breakfast items and chicken nuggets. The convention is right here so there are a lot of tourists but they have a self serve kiosk that helps to speed up taking orders. Highly recommend this store if you're in the area. The service is nice and there are plenty of places to sit down to eat. Be careful leaving the parking lot though as international drive (the road) is pretty interesting at times. In conclusion, I rate this McDonald's 5/5 and I hope to be back soon to take out more food to do mukbangs.
This McDonald ½
Hours are inaccurate, they close the dining room before 11:00, not midnight as is posted on their doors. The tea also has the distinct taste of coffee, which makes it taste like burnt tea....gross......
Didn   t know you could barricade customers out with trash cans one and a half hours before closi
Right place at the right time. It was a wonderful drive thru experience & right choice given those inside. Very busy in Orlando but food was fresh & exactly what I needed going back to Tampa!
Fast and friendly service. The food was hot and we ordered through the app which saved time. Customer service was amazing!
Tried ordering at the drive thru but the manager that was helping the drive thru operator apparently is unaware of the current bogo $1 promotion.. told me I had to order 2 to get the promotion (?) so had to go inside and order thru the totens to be able to place my order including the promotion. Besides that, all clean, food was good and service inside was outstanding.
Please hire employees that actually want to work and like their job and smile this girl that just took my order with extremely long red Nails was very unpleasant. Do you follow a dress code in this establishment? Also this must be the saddest sundae i have ever received, half the Carmel was outside the cup!  Maybe that ½ï
My kids are big on McDonald   s and I thought it would be fun for them. Big mistake! Place is a dump and a joke. The food was cold and the facility is filthy. The drink area had no ice in 6 dispensers. No ketchup. The play area was frightenin
The worst McD I   ve ever been to! Waited 30 minutes for our food. They were just overrun with peo
I ordered my food for pick up, and when I walked into the restaurant, it was cluttered with guests meandering about, which I understood the behavior after MY 45 minute wait, that was AFTER I waited 8 minutes to even be acknowledged by an employee. So frustrating, staffing seemed adequate, just a lack of experience in prioritizing from the young manager.
Most interesting McDonald   s that I   ve ever been. It features a fish tank, an arcade and serves pizza and pastas. Great place to visit as it is very unusual and interesting. However do avoid going there past 10:30pm as it go
Rude associates, dirty restaurant, I wouldn't bring my dog here to eat, let alone anyone else. Slow, unfriendly and incompetent would sum this place up.  Someone should hang a skunk outside this restaurant because it stinks!
Horrible! I ordered the same meal I always order when I go to McD's. Fish fillet & Fries. There was nothing fillet about my fish, it was dry & stale and so was the fries. So disappointed.
Good food good service and delivered quickly, I must admit I am a fan of the milkshakes and apple pie
I am a client, I am a tourist, and how is it possible that it is closed and people have to be ordering by walking where the cars go, they expose their clients, an accident can happen, how do I do if I don't have a car like those people did?  How dangerous and disrespectful for customers, I've been coming for 3 days and it's the same it's 7 at night and it's closed but it says it's 24 hours
"Dine In is NOT available. I went with family but we had to sit outside. This is the case observed in the evening in majority of outlets. Placed pickup order and manager stepped out and addressed orders one by one.
Burgers are served with ONLY bread and patty and NO vegetables."
Customer service needs some serious work. "MOBILE APP?" was the first words out the the drive thru cashier's mouth... not even a "Welcome to McDonald's"? And the Egg McMuffin bread was hard. Not a good experience.
"Good place to go after some drinks !
Food fresh .
Food hot .
100% recommend.
Thank you McDonald ½ï¿"
They close whenever they feel like it. Employees are there, they just ain't give you food.
The food was served fast but the time in the drive thru was very long. It is clean and friendly staff.
I ordered a strawberry smoothie, they gave me a mango smoothie instead, I told them I ordered a strawberry smoothie, their crew is very upset. Than she brought me a strawberry smoothie, and told me this is the size for smoothie.
It doesn't work, she's the one in charge and she treats you badly, she insults you and is rude, please educate your staff to be nice ½ï¿½ï¿½ï
Cool place to visit. Workers were very rude and got multiple orders wrong while we were there.
Quick pop through the drive-thru for a cold drink after visiting Fun Spot. Frozen coke products are amazing and so was the cinnamon roll!
When you're hungry, almost anything tastes good. Thankfully, their food was fully cooked, unlike other locations.
Waited in the drive through, no one said they don't get new orders. Had to step inside to figure it out.
Food came out really fast and on point. Games were very affordable $5 for 30 min of play. Will definitely come back. Kids 6 and 9 loved the experience!
This is the world's biggest McDonald's and has several options not available anywhere else, like oven bake pizza and pasta. Also, the dessert section has gelato and cakes
Dining room is supposed to be open until midnight.  I showed up at 10:55  and the doors were locked. The employees just ignored us
Dream,this place was amazing,I mean the food was expensive but really good and the arcade had amazing games but unfortunately the prize room was closed cuz of COVID but this was a good experience
"Friendliest service I have ever experienced. The Coffee tastes great.

Could even use their phone for a car rental call since my car broke down.
Also it is very clean, during my waiting time of 4 hours they cleaned the tables several times.

I fully recommend to visit this place."
Food was terrible and so much missing. Service even worse !! Like eating at Karen's restaurant in UK ! AVOID AT ALL COSTS !!
Went to this location around 3am and placed an order through the app. Waited in the drive thru for 20+ minutes with other cars to then be told they are closed only. The manager refused to refund my order and also refused to give me her name. The manager that works there during the night should not be in management and lacks customer service skills along with the other 3 employees that refused to acknowledge us at the drive thru window. This location needs training from corporate and should not have the open 24 hours a day signs on their windows. Very disappointed in my experience at this McDonald's.
Quick and easy using the order yourself tower. Fish ole sandwich was delicious. Thank you.
Typical mcdonalds I guess. The fries we tossed they were still frozen we watched them dump them in than scoop and fry them kinda gross. Should of been tossed out entirely
The biggest Macdonald I ever saw! They are selling pizza as well
No chocolate shakes available?!  This location should have good stocks of everything!
Chris working the first window at the drive thru tonight 11/07 is PHENOMENAL. I frequent the drive-through at this location, and this is the first time I   ve received actual customer service. If the restaurant I managed wasn 
The worst experience. 47 minutes for our food after complaining. People ahead of us are still there waiting. DO NOT GO
It's McDonald's you know what you're going to get before you get there. This one is all kiosks.
Nice stop after Disney World. I did like it better before they remodeled...
It was very loud and crowded with kids goofing off and yelling. Totally bad. Can't even eat inside around the after school time....
The international drive McDonalds looks great but the play place was closed - this was the reason for bringing my kids - so this was a HUGE let down; it was 7pm on a Sunday night when we went in the middle of a tourist city! Too bad ï¿½
It is a very nice place and the service is great, the taste of the food is different from other McDonald's in my opinion.
These people have 2 drive truths but only takes orders from one stood here 15 min got skip 3 times and then was told to have patience
This location offers pizza, pasta, and more. It has an arcade on the 2nd floor that acts as the play area. This McDonald's is the largest McDonald's and is close to both amusement parks. Therefore, it will always be a go-to stop for me on vacation. The pizza at McDonald's is freshly baked to perfection by a McPit Master
The worst I know it's fast food but corp needs to straighten this place out bad service bad attitudes for being so tourist friendly area this was the least friendly
They messed my order up 2 times. They remade my sandwich and the chicken was still raw. They have nasty attitudes. You have to use the kiosk to place your order. There is no more service with a smile. An update I now have food poisoning form the raw/ undercooked chicken I was served yesterday. Don't eat here, I will never come back here ever again. My reviews have been see by over 100,500 people.
Everything was great!  Food was good and fresh.  Place was clean.  All the employees were very nice to us and attentive.  Especially Patrick on the second floor, he was amazing.  Kept everything clean the whole time, ask us how we were a few time and was very kind and polite the whole time, and takes very seriously his duties.  Me and my kids enjoy our time a lot.
Little more expensive than your average McDonalds but I suppose that is to be expected due to the location. One nice benefit is that they do accept the coupons in the McDonald's app.
This place was amazing!  Had fish tanks, it made pasta!  It was so quick, everyone was very friendly.  It had a whole upper level for kids to play, and was ao clean!!!
Disappointing for the largest McDonald's. Most menu's items were unavailable when we came in. Service is subpar. Kids had fun in hame rooms.
This place really should be shut down. If they can't deliver in customer service just close.  I ordered with them and waited for 45 minutes.  I asked them after 10 minutes about my order and they said it's coming up.  After 20 minutes I ask again about my order and the supervisor tells me "one at a time, I can't skip your order in front of other people".  She then proceeds to continue skipping my order to serve other people.  At 45 minutes I asked again and she finds my order on a table and says to her coworker they never made it.   Nobody gave an apology or acknowledged they were in the wrong.  If you can't run a restaurant correctly then please just shut down.  There are countless pictures on their reviews of cars piling up and terrible customer service.
Average mcdonalds. They get the order right 9 out of 10 times, which is a good success rate in my experience.
Who doesn   t love a Mcdonald   s had a late breakfast ie a big mac and massive coffee ou
We were looking for a certain happy meal toy to complete our collection and Emma was nice enough to help us and even search for it! It really made our night and she was awesome! Update: this is the 9814 International Dr location
The guy that works the window taking orders is hilarious and nice. I think his name is Sidel. He is an amazing person and made our night in the short encounters we had.
Fairy fast service considering how busy this location was. Could have been a little cleaner. Food was good, but unfortunately certain items that are only available their menu were not available when we went. Large inside playground and has a arcade.
Hello everyone.  First, I have to say that I have not been to McDonald's in forever!! With that being said,  I went through the drive thru because I didn't want to get out.  The young man who took my order was kind,  that was the first window.  2nd window,  a whole other story.  Drive up, and right off the bat, this young lady looks mad that she is even working.  You know,  at least fake that you are Blessed to even have a job.  I was scared to ask her for a cup holder, but I did any way,  lol.  I had the BigMac Meal and remember like I said I had not been in forever.... I DEVOURED THAT BIG MAC, it Was fresh, and so were the fries. I also had a Fish sandwich.  So yes I recommend.
Excellent customer service, fresh food and juice. Recommend!
They took 17 minutes for my McChicken which feels like it wouldn't take that long, and then they forgot my lettuce on it and the fries were cold, I'm wanting to bet that if I went again it would be better, but with most options out of stock I can't recommend going
To hell with this McDonald   s. They closed their lobby 10
I mean it's McDonald's not a five star restaurant so a generous 3 is what I'm giving.
We went drive through this location and had a good experience.
Worst McDonalds ever.  No personal service or friendly service.   Stay away and have a good day somewhere else.
These employees don   t know how to prepare Mobile Orders. You build your order on the phone and pay for everything you added, then the employees give you the wrong thing. I ordered an iced latte with caramel drizzle and whipped cream, I received a regular iced coffee with nothing that I paid extra for. This had happened 3 or 4 times now.
Could only order from kiosk. Wanted some extras but serving staff struggled with English
"Rude amateur counter staff, asked cleaner a question just pointed me to the front counter without saying a word! more expensive (tourist area)
Overall nice building thats about it.... food arrived to table cold!
Just like being in a Circus....full of clowns"
Great experience! The food was great but the real experience was the customer service. Destiny was super helpful and even overheard us talking about asking for extra syrup for the pancakes and went and got it for us without us even having to ask. Customer service sometimes seems like a thing of the past but not at this McDonald's. Also, when I spoke to the manager about the great experience he was very nice as well. Great McDonald's! All McDonald's should be modeled after this one. Thank you guys!!!
Negative review.  One of the busiest locations in Orlando and absolutely no customer service! Everywhere else you can dine in except in McDonalds CRAZY!!!
Did an order on the mobile app. Ordered two sweet teas when got to drive thru they told me they had no sweet tea. Had to cancel and place new order for cokes. Drive thru took 45 minutes. Slowest I have ever seen.
This review is about the staff at this location. I visited this McDonalds 09/24 around 6:30pm to pick it up my food. My wife did another mobile order and I just arrived and tried to explain to the manager (I think she was) I have another order that was not on the screen. She was rude and answer    one order at the time    of course the first order arrived and I was still standing waiting for the other one more than 15 min. Another friendly Girl (Danisha I thinks was her name tried to help me out) and the manager stopped her and sent to carry other stuff in the back. She was in charge for drive thru and one Spanish customer was making an order. Danisha asked her to help and she said I can   t. I was shocked about this
We went in to order and sat down to eat because we had eaten in other restaurants on idrive. We were told that we could not eat there, but way we were told was very rude.
Food is terrible but the workers are very polite.
The manager who i believes named chandler and one of the chashiers named Que where both amazing and made this experience unforgettable. If you   re looking for a 24 hour place to eat you found it! The food was great, quick 
"Hawaiian Court location -
Staffing issues really not helping this location live up to the ""Fast Food"" label.
From order to recieving the food, it took 42mins, and even then the order came out wrong.
There was one manager, one fry cook and one burger cook, trying to complete a dinner time rush, yet there were 3 cleaning staff going round cleaning 1 table every 20mins or so.
This team could really do with some logistical training on how to get orders out efficiently and on time, because this really was a poor attempt at ""fast food""."
I was charged for medium drinks with my kids' happy meals. The drinks weren't even what they wanted. The fries weren't hot or fresh. I ordered a coke with another meal, got a sweet tea.
Food hot and good. Excellent service.
Love the new ordering system. From using the easy to use order point to our food arriving it was less than 5 minutes. Only with we could get mcgriddles in the UK!
Brittany (The "Manager") was completely rude and wanted to call the cops just because I ordered a cup of coffee and their whole system was down.
Celebrating my daughter   s 10th birthday by nearby hotel. Lunch was perfect with the game room/pla
"RUN AWAY FROM THIS PLACE! We just went through the drive through and the teen girl sounded like she was depressed and going to jump.

We ordered 2 doubles, 2 chicken, 1 large fries and 2 large drinks. Everything, every-thing tasted hard like cardboard. The fries were extremely hot and hard and crunchy like stones. Both the chicken and doubles had no - no - no flavor at all and was dry as sawdust and cardboard. For the sodas one was a diet coke and other was a reg coke, both were large size which they did not get right the first time. Both sodas tasted like they were full of cinnamon flavor.

The food was over dry and tasteless. The staff at this location needs to learn how to throw away yesterday's old food..if not last weeks old junk..

It's almost a guarantee your food will taste horrible And your money wasted.. save yourself time and go somewhere else you will be glad you did!"
Horrible Service Lazy Workers Took Forever to make my order ans there liars
Our little one was having a pretty rough morning and Ms. Maria stepped in and went above and beyond to try to make her happy. Margot ended up smiling and dancing and even ended up passing out a few high fives! Ms. Maria made all of our days better. Thank you for bringing a smile to our faces. The location service was prompt, our order from the kiosk was accurate, and the food was well prepared. Clean location and restrooms at 10:00am on a Thursday.
"Disappointing. The pictures of the food is inaccurate. Meals showing you get hashbrowns show no hashbrowns when you begin the order. Hashbrowns themselves ordered separately show two but you get one.

Deal on a large iced coffee was very good though. Also some of the staff especially this nice elderly lady was pleasant."
Terrible service. Cashier had a bad attitude and was very disrespectful. Refused to give her name. Found out it is Brittany. Female manager seemed clueless amd not helpful whatsoever. After over an hour from the time we entered the drive thru til we got our food, it was still made wrong. We've submitted the issue to corporate requesting contact. No response. Obviously they do not care about their customers.
"Terrible customer service, the lady at the drive-thru was handing me someone else order after me telling her my order is an online order she then got mad and left the window then the second young lady told me to go to the third window without telling me that they just received my order and is in the process of making it. I called the store and the manager was nasty after I was just telling him that Communication would have been nice and yelling at me telling me I don   t need to tell him that and I asked for corporate number and the lady said they don   t have it and I asked for her name and she walked away quickly from me rude everyone here is rude and disrespectful and no communication with there customers.

I would recommend going to a different location that   s mo"
Usually ate breakfast here while in town for a conference.  Be prepared to order from a screen.  But the good news is that there are plenty of screens   
Had a pleasant trip here with my 5 year old. On vacation from Indiana and compared to any McDonald's there this is like a fine dining restaurant lol clean, food was fresh, tomatoes where not mushy which brings me to believe they actually don't freeze there's like back at home. Had two managers walking around the restaurant actually working instead of being in the backroom 'doing paperwork' five stars definitely will be returning before we go back home.
MacDonalds use to be a fast and friendly palace to order food what a disappointing restaurant with service and attitude!
I don   t understand why all the time that I come to eat in here, is always a problem. All the employees doing nothing, the restaurante , is always slow at night, its empty and they take ho
"My family and I stopped in here for a quick breakfast on our way home from a mini vacation.

I ordered the oatmeal and a hash brown.

An employee Nlnamed TJ brought our food to our table. I noticed I didn't have the apple chunks and raisins that come with the oatmeal. I let her know she went back and brought me what I needed.

I then noticed the hash brown I ordered wasn't on the tray either.
I let her know and she apologized, then comes back with not one but 2 hash browns, which oddly enough my young child decided after we got our food that she did want a hashbrown now. She comped a free hashbrown.
She was such a pleasant person to deal with.  Her customer service and customer care abilities are 20/10

I over heard he saying to another customer that this location isn't her usual location and she is a General Manager.

She took care of evryone around us, with an amazing attitude and a smile on her face, which is a rare occasion.

I hope she gets the recognition she deserves, and a promotion or raise. She turned a typically frustrating situation and made it a pleasant one. It's funny to think that I we left happy even though our order was messed up."
Only giving one star because zero stars isn't an option. Wanted to pay cash at register and was told to use kiosk. Kiosk never gave an option for cash pay. Employees wandering the store on their phones and ignoring customers. When asked for napkins an employee went thru two other employees instead of just handing customer napkins. No organization at all and rude as can be. Gave me diet soda, when I asked for regular they rolled their eyes. I understand it's busy but this place could be handled better. Go anywhere but here.
Love their new chicken tenders, it's about time McD's start picking up their game!
"We stopped on the way home for a late night snack and drinks for our ride home.
Food as expected, friendly service, outside looked clean."
Twice they've forgotten loads of my order on uber eats! No refunds. Nothing. Absolutely a joke
When you go on slow Thursday night, order yourself a nice Double Quater pounder with  cheese to go after a long days work. Only to see you get a single quater pounder, No cheese, and i guess they decided to throw in some lettuce on there? No sauce like 5 pickles....  Too tired to go get a refund :c
Granted we at a busy time of the evening (SeaWorld was getting ready to close), but the lobby to thus McDonald's was locked even though all the signs clearly indicated they were supposed to be open for lobby hours. The drive-thru was open, but it was exceedingly slow. The service was poor, and the products we ordered were sub-par (even for McDonald's standards, which is saying something). We ended up just throwing some of it away. I typically do not leave negative reviews. I am hoping that they were just short-staffed the night we went.
Although conveniently located to several hotels, the hour wait to get my order shows incapability to handle the extra patronage. They are not adequately staffed to handle the extra flow of being centrally located. Even when we were at the window, it seems they were still scrambling to put our order together. Once back the hotel, we discovered that one of our orders was wrong! They placed bacon on one of the fish sandwiches!
"My friends and family were denied service at this location because we prefer to place our order with a human rather than a kiosk.  1st by an employee then by the manager! VERY  RUDE!
10.9.22 11:20 am."
@McDonald's corporate you need to investigate this location immediately. The customer service is highly lacking and I'm positive the management of that location is damaging your brand. Not only is service extremely slow but the drive through service provider and the manager is horrible. We literally witnessed people driving away from the intercom after waiting and waiting with no response. We drove up to the intercom and waited and waited. Zero response. We spoke multiple times. No reaponse. No one greeted us. No one asked us to wait. Nothing. Radio silence. Then we dro e up to window only to face a combative manager with a chip on his shoulder. Needless to say we drove away without making an order. It was an experience that definitely does not live up to the world renowned brand standards of McDonald's.
Waited 25 mins. Wasn't busy. Half food was cold. The deluxe quarter pounder only had lettuce and mayo added. No sauces for 26 chicken nuggets. Guy who brought the food really didn't wanna talk or answer the question because he all but ran to the back. Again drive thru wasn't busy and instead had maybe 3 families and 3 singles. And the single people had their food already.
We had a great dat at SeaWorld with the gkids and decided to swing by and get ice cream for them on the way home.  Well we get there and there is a line out the door because only one of the 6+/- kiosks are open.  We wait in line for 30min and as my wife gets to order they shut it down to only drive thru.   Absolutely horrible customer service and the lack of care from the manager was disgusting and extremely disappointing!  Never would I say this company is a favorite of mine, but now, I never plan to visit again!!!!!
This is easily the worst McDonalds experience I've had. Waiting an hour for fast food in what can only be described as a dirty, chaotic nightmare. Staff are totally disorganised and management seems non-existent. Only getting 2 stars because when we eventually forced them to cook our food as we waited blocking the counter, it was piping hot and pretty delicious.
Waited in drive-thru for 30 mins, finally got up to order & nothing. We kept asking if anyone is there. Kid finally comes on that they had to reboot the system & could be another 15 mins at least. We told him he needs to tell people as there is a line around the building. Truly horrible service.
Terrible !!!!! I never write reviews, but couldn   t complete my day consciously without expressing my frustration. It   s one thing to be busy and dealing with the public, I know it   s challenging. To be rude , for absolutely no reason , when simply asking a question such as  ½ï¿½ï
They have several self check out kiosks
We only went through the drive through.
I ordered breakfast at 8:34 January 16, 2022 (order# 1386 order 86). We could have ate breakfast at the resort we are staying at but my family elected for McDonald   s instead. Not only did I have to wait an extended period (three to five minutes) at the order board but we had a large order. When I got up to window number one the girl working the window was rude, did not want to allow me to review my large order with her, spoke extremely fast and unprofessional then rushed me to the next window without even paying. Once I drove to the next window I was handed my food (still hadn   t paid) tried reviewing the order again and the woman didn   t listen or pay me any attention. I sat patiently and she rushed back to the window to collect payment AFTER everything was given to me. Our re under cooked (mushy) but the rest of or breakfast was good. I would relay to your staff that the overall experience drives a customer back not just the food. Wendy   s filled the remainder of our order efficie
We walked over from the hotel that was in the same lot. The door sign said the dining room was open to 3am. We got in the dinning room at about 10:30 when other costumers who were already inside walked out. We were asked to leave as the dining room was  ½
It's not actually a 24-hour store. They're open but if you go at night around 3:00 a.m. and 4:00 a.m. it's going to be closed I think they switch for a dinner to breakfast but it's unfair for people who work third shift like myself. I can almost never get McDonald's. It's funny cuz they also barricade all the doors and drive throughs.
Stop to get b fast, they must have been in a rush cause when I went to eat my sandwich,  the sandwich looked like it was dropped several times...
Closed restaurant even though it 
Worst most disrespectful group on of individuals I have ever met in my entire adult life. This includes the manager who was working at 11:00am Sunday 4-15-22 who decided she couldn   t be bothered t
I walked in the door with my son in-law to order inside because it said dining room open till 3am.  It was 1am 3-22-2022.  We went to every kiosk none working.  We walked up to register.  A woman back towards the back yelled out that they were closed.   Well we walked out got in our van pulled up to drive through.    Nobody responded.  We turned off engine a waited a bit.  Nobody.  We left and visited Wendy's drive thru.
25-30 min wait for food and order wasn't even correct. Other people told me they'd waited an hour. Also some of the most unhappy theme-park-bound families you're ever going to see in this place. Overall a disaster, consider starving instead.
The employees were very nice!
Literally waited 20 minutes. The sign says to "place tent on table and relax. Your delicious food is on its way" but it wasn't even delivered to us.
rude customers, half the kiosk malfunction and staff is not trained to help if it malfunctions, Managers are so busy solving issues with equipment they cant manage the staff. High turnover, homeless people camping out inside. Overall way to crowded and overpriced travel the extra mile and go to the next McDonald.
With the size of the big breakfast that would starve a child. Maybe you should start calling it baby breakfast. If you don't get cakes with it then you have over half a tray of just a bite of eggs two small strips of bacon and a dry/hard biscuit. I think a total of six bites and two minutes with phone in hand while eating and it was gone. There goes almost ten bucks.
"Zero starts!
All tables were unattended. They were all dirty. Food took a while. Manager was yelling at staff to hurry up with food. I stood for a few minutes ready to place my order. I was the next client. No one. I mean. Not a soul greeted me, acknowledge my presence or anything. Not even an exchange of words when I got my food (which I had to order online from inside the restaurant because no one was there to help me). Not a you're welcome when I said thanks. Nothing!!! I would not come here again."
Absolutely horrible place. After waiting 40 minutes we had to ask how much longer. The first lady looked at the orders then ignored me. The manager finally came and couldn't even find my order. The workers were just yelling over each other and at costumers. Never got all our food and was upset with this place we just had to leave. Will never go back and we frequently are in Orlando.
Dinning room was closed at 11 PM. Hours on the door say 5 AM to 3 AM. There were many employees inside, but they only served drive-thru and refused to open dinning room.
What an awful place. Unless I am desperate I will never return here.
"I placed an order through the 'improved' kiosk system and over 15 minutes later had to inquire about it. Turns out the order had been completed but staff were 'busy with other dutys'; so it just sat there. So much for customer service. However, the shift leader did apologize. Honestly, I'd rather have hot food. And once in my vehicle, I discovered the order was not even correct. Failure level = complete.
My first time in a McDonald's in almost 10 years. Now I remember why. Given the choice, I have no need to return to McDonald's; ever."
"Well, i have never ever been eye rolled on a drive through before, but i guess there's always a first time for everything, we order shakes the (lady) gave us spoons and we asked for straws she got offended by this and eye rolled us.
Training
Training
Training please to these people on dealing with customers."
Worst service ever waited at the counter 20 mins manager said be would be right there currently still waiting while review like dam can I get my Mcflurry. Manager seen in photo  ½ï¿½
All our burgers were not cooked!!!
45 mins on a Thursday night.  Nothing makes sense anymore with everything being terrible and no sense of urgency in any aspect of this place.  Fire the whole crew from the manager on down and start over.
I really don't want to be "that guy" and I typically do not leave bad reviews. But this experience this morning was absolutely HORRIBLE! I waited 24 min for apple pies that I know for a fact do not take that long to cook. Restaurant looked to be short staffed which I understand and there was an employee there that was fairly new it seemed which was also fine. My issue came with the TWO managers that were "taking care of the guests". Zero communication to anyone about what the wait was about. I deduced that I was waiting for pies because I heard the crew talking about it. These 2 managers were more concerned about what they were doing later and how one typically doesn't work weekends. Did not Apologize or attempt to communicate anything to any guests. The worse part is as the food finally came up they tossed my bag to me and walked away. I hop that this is not typically how business is done there but my goodness...
worst service i ½ï
"Typical service. But its mcdonalds so dont expect too much. Intercom person was rushing but got upset when we asked to repeat our order. We were just making sure it was placed right.

Fries were good as always. Went before 1 so the lunch rush was over. My big mac patties were dark instead of brown. Couldnt eat it. But lets hope your experience is better."
Massively understaffed. 25+ min wait for food. Also got the order wrong. Corporate needs to sack up and pay their people more because the world is on fire, inflation is rampant, and end times are near. Also every fat, miserable, Disney-going family you'd never want to run into frequents this place. Avoid at all costs
Honestly has to be the most useless people in this place ordered twice via Uber eats and both orders was wrong so tonight   s orders here goes missing 2 fries and a Big Mac come on how stupid can these people be if I was the boss I would send them all home I will be emailing McDonald 
Visiting from out of town. I was very impressed with the manager Stephanie. She really stood out to me today because she was working very hard and every customer that came her way she made sure she assisted them with out rushing them even though they were very busy. She also took the time to pick up in lobby to keep the inside looking good. Thanks for that experience today Step!
They will NOT TAKE YOUR ORDER inside UNLESS you use their self serve kiosk. I shouldnt have to say I cannot see the screen for someone to take an order. Why have the front counter if its self checkout at ALL times. It is not busy. I just left and went to get food from someone else. Why is that the only way to order. I work and live near here but will definitely not be back nor my coworkers.
Always call here after visiting Seaworld. It's half the price of the food in Seaworld. We order on the App before we leave, and it is brought to our vehicle 5 minutes after we arrive, nice and hot. My orders have been 100% accurate since using the App vs the drive through.
Extremely unreliable. Not enough staff to run the store. Sometimes no drive thru, sometimes OBLY drive thru. This is stupid considering there   s more people
For me to give them a start is too much I went. several time there and the foot is awful, the chicken nugget.the cold and old and I asked the lady the next time I went around if she can please make sure that the nuggets are fresh. She reply fresh you want them fresh. And I replied please. Do I pay at the window pick up my order the one I drove away. I grabbed one of the nuggets and that look and feel like they were sitting since the next day I have to throw my food away never again. 
Ordered using their self serve machines. Sat at the table as per the instructions on the machine. Waited 15 minutes. No food. Politely asked the manager behind the counter and they had missed our order and thought it had been prepared. No apology just a rude manager telling us to sit down and it will be be brought to us
Easily the worst fast food experience. My girlfriend and I were feeling sick from needing to eat something and stopped here. Location is 24hr but the doors were locked to stop ppl coming in. A customer let us in and we were greeted to customers demanding refunds, ridiculous wait times, and them being out of many items. Staff is very rude and condescending, and the place is very poorly managed.
This is my first time coming here and they made our order perfect then we ordered a waffle and we waited 1 hour for the waffle and the worker had the audacity to say do still want to wait for the waffle or a refund I said a refund and I was mad while walking out I don 
Every vehicle that ordered was told to move into a parking space to wait for their food. Why not just allow everyone to wait at the window if service is so slow. The other thing that set me off is they had a lady in her late 70's bring the food out. She did so with a loving warm smile but I only hope they take care of her when the younger fit employees clock in. No offense she was a sweet heart just worried.
"Breana on the amusements kiosk has made our evening, giving her time to explain loading the amusement cards up, really kind and helpful and nothing was rushed or too much trouble, my children (5&2) really loved her and all the way home said how nice she was.

We've had bad experiences in this mcdonalds (long waits for happy meals etc) but i think she easily changed those for us today.
I hope she gets recognised for how good she's been."
Good service, tucked away
Dirty store, waited 45 minutes for our food and never received it. We left. I would like my $30 back. No origination, worst McDonald's I've ever been to.
Do not eat here, save yourself, time and money. I ordered here 5 times in a month and every time it was wrong. you would think I would learn. I tried to make it easy on them and ordered my burgers plain. Thinking the less work the better. Nope some how plain means ketchup only. Another time they put tartar sauce on my cheese burger. The managers tell you if you have a problem to just call the McD's number to complain. I am local so I have choices to eat at other places. You know what Wendy's is sounding a lot better these days. It's not even a short staff problem, its a I don't care problem. I must be a slow learner but trust me this McD ruined it for all others. losing my $45 order each trip wont hurt then in the short term. But over a long time it will and will make sure I let others know to for go McD and go somewhere else. STAY AWAY!
This McDonalds is nice, but when a conference is happening, you can easily wait 25-30 minutes for a standard cheeseburger (as I did). Overall, not terribly impressed.
This place is amazing, clean place, nice employees and they have updated there technology. I 
24/7 ? It   s 2am and there ½ï¿½ï¿½ï
Never get what you order...
No bacon and the food is cold , fries old
Ordered meals fries where not full. Had to ask for small fry we ordered. No straws in the bag. But other then that food was good.
So rude i asked a question i couldnt find the answer to online and the girl asked me if i knew what google was before hanging up on me. Kept hanging up on me and everytime i called back there was a new girl claiming to be the manager, and they are all disgustingly rude. Im actually shocked by how they treat other humans like this. I came in earlier at 8:30 and the guys working there were very nice, but calling at 11:30 pm i was not treated even decently by all the girls in there. The people here act like you   ve killed there family members or something. Learn to act like a normal human being or go back to your moms basement and get out of customer service you disgusting humans. My cousin also left a 
The place immaculate, place your order at the kiosk, pick up a number and it was brought to your table. The attendant was very helpful and friendly.
Chicken nuggets were ice cold and disgusting the French fries it was like they poured 1/2 bucket of salt on them. This is not the first time I've encountered cold overly salted food
Wow, it ½ï¿
Waited ages for food, cold when arrived at table and items missing.  Stood in a queue full of people complaining to get food sorted by which time the rest of our order was stone cold. Staff not very pleasant and looked like they didnt care at all.  Not a good experience and wont be back!
The staff could have been a little more attentive to people when they have questions. Instead they were all standing there talking not acknowledging people if they had a question including me. I had a question about the new disney 50th toys, whether I could buy them individually or only in the happy meal and she was like annoyed that I asked. One gentleman wanted to order at the counter and they just yelled from behind the counters you have to place your order at the kiosk, so he walked away. He wanted to pay cash and didn't know how to do it on the kiosk, but they didn't want to be bothered. I understand times are tough right now, I work in food service as well, but there is no need to snap and be rude to someone with a simple question.
Very bad service, I have ordered and want to pay cash, the atender won   t come to get the payment, she says
Ignored me at the counter then told me i had to order at the kiosk when i asked, then walked away. I have tried in the past, but my special order,  can not be accomplished on the kiosk, even the workers had me go to the main counter. So i did to not get what i wanted this time. Bad service. Plus, during covid not everyone shouldn't be using the same touch screen, i didn't feel safe.
Too crowded inside and in the drive-thru. Did not get a chance to eat there. Looks nice though.
We ordered custom burgers (no pickle), (ketchup,onions, add lettuce.) After we paid, waited five minutes to get our food. It was cold. Wanted to add a hot fudge sundae. Was told they didn   t hav
Some of the negative reviews I'm seeing might be for other I-Drive locations. This one on the south end located near Sea World is always pretty good. It's a well run establishment and seems a little more upscale than the others in the area. Service is friendly although a bit on the slow side on my most recent visit but the Drive Thru was packed as this was on a Saturday night during a busy time of season in Orlando.
Updated review 2022: This really is a great McDonald's. Maybe if you don't appreciate it, you haven't been around. The grounds are clean, I saw the manager (Chris) picking up trash around the store. They wear nice uniforms and there was an employee cleaning tables as soon as they were vacant. A very nice lady on morning shift was bringing orders TO THE TABLE ya'll. It was much busier at night so a longer wait but considering there are dozens of hotels nearby, I think service is pretty fast. (2019 Review) I went here three times during my stay in the area and the food was always hot, place clean and staff prompt and courteous. Got a fabulous greeting Memorial Day morning.
Dining closed early with no updates online. 48 minutes in the drive through at the end they dont have what we want f off . So bad experience.  Such a loser team.
Asked for an iced caramel latte, and they gave me an iced coffee. Went back and payed AGAIN for an iced caramel latte, and they gave me a cup with pure white milk only and no caramel at all. Is it that hard to make a latte?
When I first pulled up to get breakfast at 533am the man told me to come back in 10mins. I said "what is this? You mean I can't order food right now? Yall start breakfast from 5am and go until 11am!" He said ok you can order, but food won't be ready for at least 5min. What was weird is soon as I ordered, my food was already ready. This particular McDonald's is way to busy and big to be pulling slack workers like that. The guy seemed like he just didn't want to help.
I came in at 10, the drive through line was so long and I saw 2 families eating food inside. I decided to go in as it said the lobby hours are until 11.  I knocked on every door wondering if anyone was going to open up the door, but no. The worker shook her head at me sternly and wouldn   t even give me the explanation as to why she wouldn   t open the door. Mind you I also was in my military uniform and she went out of her way to disrespect me, all she would have had 
Total dump.  Long,  unreasonable waits.  The dining room was filthy.  Missing sauce for nuggets. No lids for the cups.  No napkins.  It's like dining in the third world.
It's a busy McDonald's in the morning based on its location, however, their service is good and fast. Great place to dine in.
I can't even give them a star.  We had to order 4 times after sitting in line for over 45 mins- they still got it wrong.  Their team needs training severely.  We ended up working with the manager and he did give us the food free- spouse and teenage found it inedible.
"This particular McDonald's was incredibly slow.

My chicken sandwich was overcooked and dry and they didn't put the pickles on it.

Overall it took over 15 minutes in the drive through to get my food.

Not a great showing from a place that is not expected to be great."
"This place is awful
The lines are looooong inside or drive through being waiting for 45 minutes for 2 happy meals
I think is one of the slowest in the state.
Needs lots of work hopefully management gets involved and fix the deficiencies"
Order was accurate and tasted great. Fast service. They were out of some items so had to change our order slightly.
"Both online and the sign here says they are 24hr. Tried coming in to get some food for my kids last night after a 7 hrs road trip. They had shut down the drive through and doors. When I CALLED THE STORE AND ASKED THE MANAGER HUNG UP IN MY FACE 2 TIMES. WHEN ALL I WAS ASKING WAS WHAT TIME DO THEY CLOSE AND WHY DOES IT SAY 24 HOURS IF YOUR SHUT DOWN?!?!?

THEN I PROCEEDED TO CALL THE NEXT MORNING AND ASKED TO SPEAK TO A MANAGER, EXPLAINED WHAT HAPPENED TOLD HER ID LIKE THE MANAGER NAME FROM THE NIGHT BEFORE TO REPORT IT TO COORPRATE, SHE THEN TOO HUNG UP IN MY FACE TOO!!!

THESE ARE THR MANAGERS ACTING LIKE THAT ? IM FAR BEYOND DISSAPOINTED AND I WILL BE STILL REACHING OUT TO COORPRATE.  THEY DONT DESERVE THEIR JOBS AT ALL, SOMONE ELSE WOULD REALLY NEED THAT JOB AND TREAT THE CUSTOMERS PROPER ."
Ordered two plain fish sandwiches with no cheese or  tartar sauce, due to a dairy allergy. When I got to the pick up window - they had put slices of cheese in both sandwiches. I returned them and had to sit and wait for the order to be corrected.  Unfortunately, this happens constantly, no matter what McDonald's I go too. It's clear the prep team simply isn't paying attention to the instructions on the orders.
If I could give 0 stars I would. We got turned away at the drive thru because they stated, "we are short staffed and really busy, we can't take any more orders for 20 minutes" and when I asked if I could wait in the drive thru, they told me no because the drive thru is timed and it would time out. I understand being short staffed and running behind on orders, thats understandable, but telling people you're not taking orders for the next 20 minutes.. I mean come on, I am not sure who is managing this location but turning away business? Seems like a poor business practice to me. This happened on 10/17 at 1030 by the way.
McDonald   s is already a horrible franchise with horrendous service but this location is SO bad that I wanted to write this review to advise NOBODY to come to this location. The service is a joke. The food always comes out wrong. The staff is not fr
Love this place
"Very modern McDonald's, plenty of self service kiosks, drive through is efficient and they even have a patio so you can eat outside. They also have table service!
Place was very clean too and the soda machine had dozens and dozens of combinations."
My family and i had come to Orlando for the weekend only so since Sunday morning we were ti head back to Miami. We wanted ti get ahead of the traffic so we decided that we would order breakfast and eat as we traveled and McDonald's was our spot. The lines were long but it moved pretty fast and we were happy. I dont get ti eat breakfast out very often so this was a treat for me ad the food was great.
This mc Donald's is self order only. And the self order board wasn't working properly? So it made for a lengthy wait. They don't have any cash sale lines? It seems they only want drive through business.  As far as the food.....well you know what your gonna get here!
This place is terrible!  They have no inside seating...  which, I guess happens.  But the manager on duty this morning, when asked about the seating simply waved my wife off and shooed her away without even taking her cell phone from her ear...   shameful...  we just wanted to have a quick bite before getting on the road on the tail of the tropical storm.  The one bright light was the very sweet and friendly young lady that took our order.   Wish I knew both names so that I call them out, both good (for the young lady) and BAD (for the manager lady on duty).
The food was alright, but the arcade area was a total letdown for my 5 and 6 year old. We only spent $10 but essentially none of the games worked and they didn   t get any tickets when they should have. To small children this is a big letdown. The young man at that counter was kind and apologized (and I get it ½ï
"Incredibly slow service, sat in the drive-thru for at least 10 minutes without the line moving. When I finally got my food, the crispy chicken sandwich tasted stale, the texture was very chewy and not crisp at all; on top of that, I wasn't asked if I wanted any ketchup or sauces, the sandwich didn't have a drop of mayonnaise or anything on it, just oddly dry pickles, and a soggy bun. I had to park and go inside to get condiments. As has become almost expected with the McDonald's experience, the soda tasted like sanitizer. Never again at this location.
I only stop at McDonald's if I am blindingly hungry, on the verge of passing out, and still my past 3 experiences at three locations around Orlando have been disgusting.

Update: Got food poisoning, and this is the last thing I ate."
McDonald's just needs to SHUTDOWN!!  Every McDonald's in the Orlando area....none EVER open on time, systems are ALWAYS down, CASH ONLY in the early morning hours IF you can find one that is ACTUALLY OPEN.  Sign on door states open at 5:00am...and at 6:05am, still closed.
It's fast food so its hit or miss. Often the fry grease tastes old. The Tea fluctuations in sweetness can throw you for a loop going anywhere from bitter to syrup. Half the time late shifts miss part of your order and if they are busy sometimes the food especially fish and chicken wraps do not appear to be fully cooked. Other times its great?
As so often is the case, my big Mac wasn't hot & fresh & hubby's coffee was cold - but they did replace that, no friendliness of staff - just functional!
they rarely get my order right.  I know my order is taken correctly because the woman who does drive thru. she has a long braid and she is amazing.
Tgey forgot us at the curbside pickup. 30 mins
Friendly staff. Clean restaurant
"Unbelievably SLOW. I ordered 2 cheese burgers and 1 frappe. They took almost 30 minutes to get our food. When they finally came to give us food the employee gave us the wrong food and had the BIGGEST attitude when I said the order was wrong. DONT COME HERE IF YOU WANT FAST FOOD ITS MORE LIKE SLOW FOOD. Don   t recommend horrible will not return again.
Another thing is put cheese burgers were cold and dry! The frappes weren "
Awful. 2AM visit. Only two workers. Took 30 minutes with nobody in line as the cashier had to run food out to cars waiting too long in drive through. Fries were undercooked.
Was so excited for my first time coming to    the big McDonald   s     because I was told you could order special menu items. First disappointment. Second, not only were there no numbers to grab once you ordered your food, but we waited over an hour for a ham and cheese French toast, (that we watched sit in the window under a heater that wasn   t even working for over 20 mins) a McDouble and Big Mac and a frozen coffee (that was half melted). Very disappointing. Will NEVER go back. The employees were all chi
They where A 1 they where closing & still let us come in & served us all & it was a lot of us & served us like we where they 1st customers & alllll food was hot  ½
Visited a few days after Christmas, it was a quick walk from our  hotel. Considering the amount of people that were ordering, our food came out quick. They forgot some items and they were very apologetic and got the rest of our order right away.
Literally the worst McDonald's I've ever been to
Fries and nuggets were hot and fresh.  I got the family share about 40 nuggets 40 nuggets and 2 large fries. Plus the 20% off with mobile app. Great deal.
It was crowded. I ordered fr ½es and nuggets. Fr 
Line for drive-thru was slow, and when we got up to order, literally a third of the menu said that it was not in stock. "Be back soon". We ended up not ordering.
We had breakfast this morning and was greeted by a manager in a suit who helped us place our order on the kiosk. Our hot fresh food was brought to our table by a friendly associate. While we ate I couldn   t help but notice a manager holding doors for customers and assisting where needed, even window washing. A male associate asked if he could take our tray when we were finished. The staff is impressive and the remodel looks refreshing
McDonald's is my favorite restaurant of all. My dad or mom always order something we like. Mine is the double cheeseburger with no pickles. In Saturdays and mostly Fridays, we get those burgers for dinner. Like to see McDonald's keeping up the good work!
We waited for 50 minutes in the drive through. The line moved at the beginning, but then stopped completely near the order box. Because of the way the cars are channeled through a curbed path we couldn't escape. We were trapped and had no choice but to sit and wait. It was very frustrating. The order we received was correct but we didn't get any apology or explanation. We'll Mark this location on the map and never go here again.
"Thank you for the cold breakfast. Made me wait almost 40 minutes. Families got theirs before my lil sandwich and coffee. They just forgot about my meal and let it sit. Only thing warm was the coffee,barely.
Not anyone ½ï¿"
More than 40 minutes waiting for some cheeseburger and fries, and when I approach one of the senior employees, she reply with an   attitude. Definitely never stopping on this again.
Rainy first night in Orlando, we went here after a super long day at Disney World. We waited over 20 min for our food in the drive thru! None of our order was correct and it was pouring rain so I did not want to go back through the slow drive thru. I mean McDonald's is what it is, but people go there for quick and convenient and those components were def missing on this particular visit. ï¿½ï
I waited 20 minutes until I got my food but the order was completely wrong. I ordered two double cheeseburgers and I got one with two patties and a glob of ketchup on it. The other just had a party with two dry pieces of bread on it. The fries were colder than a dead body in a freezer. What an absolute joke of a kitchen staff. Just a bunch of high school dropouts that cant even make a sandwhich correctly. If your reading this, just go buy some burgers and bread and make one yourself.
The manager here always is very accommodating and always makes sure that the place is clean.
They made me wait in the drive thru parking lot line and still forgot my order that says    add cheese   . This has happened twice, yet they still give me the bag with the add cheese stamp on it with false advertising that it is has cheese. I am paying for extra cheese and not getting it on my food, it   s ridiculous and stealing honestly. This is the third time this has happened. Will be calling c
They certainly need to take a look at the way they are staffing the night shift. This location seems to be very popular at night and yet the management has barely anyone back there making orders. There was a giant mob waiting at the register's for their orders. Be smarter with your manning.
Rudest staff ever. I literally just wanted water, I asked how to get water and this lady just muttered something and pointed somewhere. So I asked another employee and was straight up ignored. Tear this place down, it ain't working.
Very rude employee taking orders" slammed the window in my face and left and  didn't charge me, also called the manager and the manager was worst than the employee, beware of this location this people are rude and very far from being polite- horrible experience, staffsocks.
Took forever to get our food every day we were there this week when they got very busy. One night we were there for almost an hour waiting in a crowd. I feel like they might have been understaffed because they weren't working quickly. Everything was good and correct but they ran out of one items I ordered so they replaced it with a different flavor.
Took over half an hour to received food and it was stone cold staff looked demoralise when asked a member of staff about my food she just looked at me and walked away would never go there again spent over $90 dollars for poor service and food.
Best McDonalds in the area. Great coffee, modern decor, clean. Wifi. Quickest service. Friendly and helpfull staff.
I personally haven't had any issues with this location. In the 2 years I've lived close by there have been 2 times where the drive through was majorly backed up and something was clearly wrong. But of maybe 100 trips in the last few years I've had 95% good service and fresh food.
I am here in Orlando on vacation and I ordered via Uber eats and when I got my order the happy meal had no fries. My large fries were half empty, cold and soggy. My deluxe chicken sandwich was cold as well. I ordered a large sprite with it and it was flat and didn   t taste right. Tha
Sometimes high tech doesn't mean faster. Location has multiple self service kiosk meaning instead of taking orders one at a time you have several being made simultaneously. Causing a backup waiting to get food inside while competing with drive-thru. Location still does not offer dining inside after ordering food. They had just mopped with 20+ customers inside so that was a safety hazard. Not to mention I overheard someone tell one of the employees that something was broke in the ladies restroom causing water on the floor.
Service at this place is a joke. Sat in the drive threw for 20 minutes waiting of my food. The tea is bad 60 percent of the time. I believe this falls directly on management. As there are always new employees there. Most times having poor attitudes. Also I have never once been suggested a pie. I don't even bother pointing it out as it would only take longer. And probably be un edible. I only stop in there maybe once a month when I'm in a bind.
I came here on my way to a meeting in the convention center. I had 20 minutes to be where I needed to be so I figured I would swing by this McDonald's and grab some food. Boy was that a mistake. I arrived at this McDonald's at 11:45. I did not order my food at the drive-thru window until 10 minutes after 12:00. By the time I actually got my food it was closer to 12:30. This has to be the absolute slowest McDonald's in the history of any restaurant in the world. It has double drive throughs and they seem to prefer the inside Lane to the outside lane. They were taking the orders of customers on the inside line too if not three to one. Not exactly sure what was going on inside the building. But they were slower than molasses. I understand that there is issues right now with finding employees for a little bit of prep work would have sped up the process a little bit. That's why I gave them three stars instead of one.
They have a arcade and place to play for kids of all ages staff swerves you and very helpful definitely my go to place when In Florida
I'll start with the positive: The food I received was the correct order and it was hot. The bad: What was supposed to be a 10 minute trip ended up being almost 40 because they were severely understaffed, and constantly giving out the wrong food to everyone. Maybe they're better during the day, but definitely stay away from the midnight shift if you're looking to get in and out.
This McDonalds is a sight to see!! If you   re in Orlando, take y
Open 24 hours, but not before 6am?
The nicest workers I have ever met! The main lady, I didn   t catch her name, but she was so friendly and helped my family order on their touch screens and she was so nice and helpful.  It is refreshing to meet someon
Good hot food.  A bit of a wait for a McMuffin at 6:30am.  Nobody else in line at the drive thru.  They had to ask the chicken for more eggs?
Terrible service, waited forever for our food, Won't be back.
OMG!!!...The WORST McDonald's I have EVER been in. Orders were on the board and they were just standing around like the had nothing to do. Drive thru was closed so everyone had to come inside to place their order. This was my first and last time I will NEVER eat at this location. No sense of urgency from the manager on duty as well!!!
We stopped at McDonald   s just for drinks. It seems they were low on ice and 
Largest and slowest in the world. Took 25 minutes from when I drove up till I left. Took 15 minutes to get my food after I paid. Also I did not get a "good morning"or anything except 739. The cost of my food. Extremely bad service and attitudes from everyone I encountered there. All for 2 sausage biscuits and a coffee.
McDonald ½ï¿
I would give 3.5 stars for the sugar free caramel iced coffee and 1 star for the sausage burritos. The burritos were very small half the normal size and very little filling or cheese inside. It's been a year since I had a sausage burrito and McDonald's has definitely gone downhill. Prices are higher for the burrito and you get less food for the money.
Waited almost 30 minutes to get my food, while people with bigger orders that came after me, got their food. When asked what was taking so long, they said they are working on the order, then followed by asking me what my order was. After wards, had another employee who knew what was going on come out to ask me again what order was, had to stand there and watch them put my food into a microwave. The worst experience ever.
Visited 3 times over a week during a conference. This place is a shambles. The self-ordering system seems good until you realize that everything after is shambolic. Twice out of those 3 times it's taken more than 30 minutes to get a simple order, and it's not even been busy. The staff (especially the manager Martha) is aggressive and disengaged. Overall a truly terrible 'fast' food location.
Started with me having to get the attention of the Drive thru by saying hello to the order com because 2 cars had passed on my right while i was waiting. Then I pulled up to receive my order I was given my drinks but was missing the one from my Happy Meal order as I asked for it and the person at the window looked at me like what was I talking about I said that i am missing a drink and again he looked at me like I was tring to get something again i mentioned that i have 3 orders with a beverage and a frap but i am still missing one then he began to say ok it is coming just pull forward to the next window as i pulled forward they brought me my items and still no drink and was still missing items again they looked at me like i did not know what i was saying and then finally got my HM drink but i was still missing items was told they are in the oven again waited 10 min with no one coming to the window to inform me of the wait I went to the window where thire was a person and again he was confused on why i was still in there line waiting on food, then the manger came to the window asking what is the problem I said I am still missing my apple pies he being to tell me they are in the oven and it takes 10 min I asked am i still waiting at the other window or am i pulling to a number lane he said no next window so I pull back up and wait another 7 more min I have now been waiting 20 min for my items.  If it was communicated that the wait will be a long wait, I would not have felt forgotten at the window.
Beagle was old and hash browns cold
Very nice, clean establishment. The staff was efficient and worked diligently to provide for our every need. My family and I are visiting from out of town. We noticed that the employees, even the store manager walked throughout the restaurant checking on customers making sure they are enjoying their food. I greatly appreciate the atmosphere they provide for their customers.
"Busy, busy, busy.  Prepare for a wait!

Location is good. Restaurant is clean.  Employees are nice. Orders are accurate.  Ordering Keosks are cool.  Well laid out & up to date . . . but prepare to wait.  This place is busy beyond repair.  Drive through stacked (at least 9 cars waiting with both wait stalls full.  For the last hour, 8+ people lined up inside with 2 of the 4 kiosks in use.  Prepare for minimum 30 minutes inside."
Prices are way too high, got pulled forward only to wait an extra 20 minutes. Still no food. Went inside to ask for a refund. Food still wasn't ready. Ask what the hell was going on and the cow behind the counter said "oh our bun toaster is broken".  Didn't say that at the window!! This is an I DRIVE location. Absolutely ridiculous. Stay away. What a waste.
Food was decent. Cashier had difficulties with card in drive thru saying machine was asking for pin. Odd. Large order but smoothies three quarters of way filled. Filled but looked like ice and concentrate added. They did remake it which turned out fine.
Took over a hour for my order and they need a PC system to let people know their orders are ready. THEY NEED MORE HELP
"Service is slow and painful, lost McDouble Bundle option on menu for budget minded customers. Still giving it 2 stars, because employees aren't paid enough to say, ""Have a Good Day"" when you getting order at pick up window.

Change my mind next time I drive through and you'll get more stars...

Like what you see? Just say... OYE!

-The Blond One-"
Just had the worst experience at this location, Sidel (who apparently is one of the managers and is Hispanic like me) was extremely rude when we ordered our food through the drive-thru. She even was making faces at us           ½ï¿½ï¿½ï
The staff here were amazing- so kind to my two children. Everyone we encountered was friendly and went out of their way to help.
Very clean, Inside and out. I order on my app and the food was waiting as I walked in. Everything was hot and fresh.
The team had no personality and had even had one employee on his cell phone while making orders.  The food I got had the fries lukewarm yet the burgers were fine.  They were more concerned with talking with themselves and not the customer.  Outside of that the place was clean and recieved my order in a quickly manner
One of the worse McDonalds I have ever been to.  There is no welcomes or thank you.  Service treats you like you are a problem for them, ie: the server placed the food on front of the customer and started to walk off, the customer said what about my drink.  The server rolled her eyes walked away, brought the drink back reached through the screen put the drink down and walked away.  No I am sorry, no have a nice day.  For me it took over 7 minutes to just get a milkshake.  Never Again for me.
Good fast location. They had a third window for you to pull forward to keep the line moving through the drive thru instead of having someone walk out to your car. It was super convenient and it did seem to save time. We will probably stop by this location again before our trip it over. You can't really go wrong with $1 cheeseburgers.
Worst customer service! Don   t even bother to go ... We waited 45 min for someone to take our order thru the drive tru! Horrible and then the l
To whom it may concern. Your curb at the entrance of Hawian Bvld at International Drive is dangerous to cars turning right to park. The curb extends to far out to the drive and is blind to drivers in SUVs are high sitting vehicles. I can tell by the damage to the curb, that I'm not the first to experience this and damaged was caused. As a suggestion you may want to paint the curb bright red or install a Yellow caution post to alert drivers. The right think to do would be to correct it.
No wait in drive thru line. They got the order right. Fries were nice and hot and the staff was respectful. I did not five stars because the girl at the drive thru struggled to understand me, english was not her native language. She tried though and it all worked out. I got my correct order and in a timely manner.
It is very clean inside, great staff. I always go inside and order take out. They do everything super fast.
I could not recommend this place. We pulled up to the drive thru at 10:48 pm and the guy behind the speaker said just go ahead with your order with the most unpleasant tone. When I asked if I could have just a sec he replied again in an unpleasant tone well we close in 2 mins. So clearly they didn't want our business and something tells meet they won't want yours. Save your time and go elsewhere.
The cleanest nicest McDonald's ever! The staff are so welcoming and helpful and great with the kids after a long tired day! Thank you.
Manager is horrible, system was down had an employee at the register adding the amount wrong and when we asked to speak to the manager she called the police because she would    not serve us    after we got upset that her only response was system was down and what the employee said was correct not even verifying his calculations were valid (McDonalds was old-school at this point writing orders on a notepad). I understand their is miscommunication but ho
Ordered curbside. The attendant came out to tell me that my apple pie would take 15 minutes and he couldn't cancel it. He said he can substitute for cookies. 15 minutes later I had my order with cookies and still no apple pie. Frustrating. Their soft drinks are always hit or miss as well because the balance of syrup and water is never correct
We're here the other night about 2:00 a.m. they're very kind and considerate the fries were a little late so they offered me an extra set plus the ones that were not bad in my opinion but may have been a minute older so thanks to them and their service and tasty food
Sign on door says drive thru open 24hrs and there is signage under the McDonald's "M" by the street that says open 24hrs. They are NOT 24hrs, they open at 5. The lady working inside was annoyed that I was trying to get service at 445 and rolled her eyes when I pointed out incorrect details. Need to fix their information.
Had a slight issue ordering. Inform the manager that they're ordering system was not working right. They jumped on it right away to correct the problem with getting it involved. Super clean and friendly store.
Absolutely the slowest service I've ever had at a fast food restaurant.  Me and my 3 friends went and we all used the kiosk to order our individual meals.  After 45 minutes and having to talk with the manager we finally got our food.  There was one person working fries, one cook, on manager assisting the cook, and one employee who was supposed to be putting the orders together and delivering to the customers.  The last person walked around like a zombie who had no idea what planet they were even on.  He would pick up a bag occasionally and put it back down and the clear orders from the system and not give anything to the customers. Then when customers complained he would ask them what they ordered and the try to find food for the. After seeing that 3 customers who ordered 20+ minutes after me and my friends I asked to speak with the manager. He proceeded to lie and said that once and order has been on for a while the automatic delete off the que.  So he had no idea what any of us ordered. We had to give him a receipt and the he helped us 10 minutes later. All the trash cans were over flowing into the floor and the restaurant was very dirty.   All the employees including the manager didn't even look 18 years old. They were definitely under trained, mis managed, and probably under staffed.
Nothing bad to say here! We grabbed some quick breakfast before heading to the parks. We opted to use the digital checkout to place our order which is pretty cool and gives plenty of options to what you order. It also seems to give you a little more time to order. The place was very clean and modern in design. We didn't interact too much with staff but the little we did, they seemed very nice and helpful. Although not used this time by us, I did notice a cart specifically for sauces, seasonings, etc right behind the counter for quick access when asked.. the location was pretty good despite being off a busy road so that didny pose any issues. Overall a pretty food McDonalds experience!
I don   t expect 5 star service when I visit a McDonald   s,  but I also don   t want an employee full of attitude handling
When we went it was cash only. They were out of ice cream and frappes. Our food was decent. They were extremely slow.
They   re telling everyone in the drive they to come inside, but they are making all 20 people waiting in line wait til they take and make a couple orders. Been waiting at least 15 minutes- they   ve helped a total of 4 people. Kiosks are all t
Very nice staff, good place to get all your fast food needs!  Tha k you!   
Inconsistency on preparing my daily French vanilla latte. Some times perfect, sometimes bitter, sometimes similar to the much less expensive regular black.  Also very inconsistent on getting special orders correct. Very friendly crew.
Wow, just wow! Incredibly under staffed wich may have led to EXTREME rudeness.  Out of, or simply didnt want to put out the effect of giving, straws, cup holder and ketchup. And when asked for these items, straight out nasty about it! This mcdonald's is in parking lot of my hotel so really convenient but will NOT be revisiting!! If only 0 stars was a option..
They have better food than the regular McDonald's because it's the largest in the u.s.
Was awful waited 30 mins for food in a half empty place, not what I'd call fast food then the big mac was luke warm  ½ï¿½
We did drive through. It took 45 minutes to get 7 cars out. The food was cold and the drinks were half empty.
I don   t normally review McDonald   s but this is a good one because of the staff right now.  You know what the food is like so no need to discuss, you either like it or you don   t.  There is a very sweet older lady that works here that is phenominal.  She likes her job, is nice to customers and actually makes this place great.  I will be back.  Thi
This place was a mess. They took FOREVER to serve the few people they had. A guy dropped a spatula. I was freaking out. They would take counter order cause the manager said "When we are done in the back." So upset with this service.
Very busy usually, fresh hot food, fried typically don't have salt on them have been multiple times before with the same issue. Prices also higher than other mcdonalds, otherwise clean, friendly employees, fresh food
"I was here a couple times during a week. I would say it has been pleasant (service as expected). But man, Saturday was not normal. Trash bins over flowing, tables dirty, self help machines missing table locator, and drink dispenser area was messy. From what I could see, the back looked cleaned but the front of the house was a wreck.

Back to the self help machines, it states that they will bring you the drink to your table. They brought me the food but told me to get the cup up front. I don't really care but someone should change what the machine states.

Overall, this is a modern looking McDonald's. Most of the days I went here it has been good. But I guess their weekend was a different story."
The cashier/servers look miserable and when you smile they just straight up look at you like youre vermin to them. They lack personality and they rudely say stuff. Even forgot 2 items out of my order. Went up and got the wrong reciept printed and recieved attitude from the cashier who printed out my reciept.
I love that you could touch screen order,  it was easy, and there are people constantly cleaning! I love that they bring the food to the table as well! Very nice, wish I had one where I love! I think more people would enjoy dining in at McDonald's now!
Well just because that McDonald's is on international drive which is in the tourist area doesn't give him the right to jack up their prices and I go up and down international drive quite a bit I drive charter buses and because their prices are jacked up so high I won't bring a busload of people there now the young lady that brought my lunch out you know she was very very friendly very nice young lady the restaurant is clean but your prices are way too high and until they come down I will not bring 50 60 people in my bus to that location just because you're on international drive don't mean you can rip people off and that's all you're doing when I can take them four miles down the road to a Burger King and their prices are a lot lot lower so if you want to start seeing more charter buses come in there with people lower your prices
There's only 1 way to describe my experience. Have you ever gone in to a daycare, and shook a basket full of babies, well I haven't but I could imagine what it sounds like, and that's how it sounded when I walked in the doors, I didn't order anything, and the employees were on there phones anyways. So  
Place was rude.  Ate there twice and this morning lady for mad and purposely messed up the coffees won't go back
Over priced why because they're the biggest shame on this company,poor service and worst the food was disgusting, got orders wrong HOW was ordered via screen
I guess they got to rip off their guests to afford the building the management staff are rude when you order a shake medium it comes in a little small kids cup I order two Filet-O-Fish fish or they're not offering the 2 for 5  but that's okay they're not even putting tartar sauce on the sandwich I was just bread  the Fish so I guess they had to cut  cost somewhere when they charge you $15 for fish and don't put anything  on it. I won't go back. Here is how to save some money fire some of those managers that are rude for your guests and that'll save you some money and start building the sandwich correctly
"Went inside to order because wife was dealing with kids.  No line ordered at kiosk right away.  15 workers and no one working.  Manager walking around say hello to customers and no one working. 17 minutes to get 4 egg McMuffins at 8 am
Worst service ever"
If I was rating this on speed of service it would be negative stars but the food was good once we got it. This location is extremely busy and feels under staffed for the amount of business they get. What is the point of all the kiosks and a double lane drive through if it overwhelms the staff and you wait for 30-40 minutes for a 10pc mcnugget meal?
"Another experience.

I was asked to wait at drive thru. No other customers were in queue. They forgot about me. The order was reduced without telling me. The apple pies were removed without any explanation. When I called to report the issue a woman who answered the phone saying she was the manager didn't identify herself. She was rude and short and when I asked for her name she wouldn't provide it. Bad experience with the food too. The fries were so over salted I couldn't eat them and the big mac had so much lettuce and sauce on it I was wondering what happened in the kitchen. End to end bad experience.

Hello I came to your restaurant this morning and waited an extremely long time and was ignored by your staff. I waited at the drive thru order kiosk, then at the payment window and then at the pick up window. Your staff saw me waiting making eye contact several times but continuing to ignore me. I moved back to the payment window and waited while several cars pulled up waiting too. When Mitzy who had ignored me finally opened the window was really dismissive with her demeanor before taking my order. I asked why she saw me and continued to make me wait. Her response was I just put on the headset. Seriously that was her response. There were at least four of the staff who saw me so I am really frustrated with your customer service. Why didn't she acknowledge that she kept me waiting and just apologized for the delay like a normal person. I was really offended that she was so flippant when I asked her about making me wait. HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE and lack of basic human kindness. NOT LOVING IT.

Visited again on 3/17/2018 and had the same experience. Even the white shirt manager ignored me."
No heavy traffic which means your food is made fresh and rarely sitting for too long. Would recommend over McDonald's entertainment location further up international drive where the prices are significantly higher.
The service was TOTALLY slow and it took the clerk about 5 minutes before they could even take an order.  I'm a local and I wouldn't ever go back to this location again. Seemed like a LOT of chaos happening when I looked in the kitchen area.  Also, clerks do NOT have a basic understanding of English. This is difficult if you're trying to ask anything of the clerk.  Would not recommend.
Middle of the day and they were fast efficient and friendly the fries were hot everything was fresh
24 hours if you drive maybe advertises as lobby open 5am-3am however is closed to the public more often than its open, with no explanation of why the doors are locked but drive through is open and employees will just watch you through the window, terrible service
"Only used thr drive through, but order was correct and the food was good.  Busy unit given its location, but the flow through the two lanes was pretty swift.

Interactions with staff were efficient and pleasant."
Sorely disappointed. Outlets in every wall and not a single one working. The girl at counter looked at me like I was dumb the entire time I tried to order and seemed like she didnt have a clue how to answer any question I asked. The guy sweeping the lobby was very cordial and actually tried to warn me none of the outlets worked, so kudos to him. Place was clean enough I guess.
"Please calibrate The Soda's Machine correctly.

He has been mixing and preparing sodas wrong for days"
"This location is incredible. It has two stories. Has automated machines to order from. You can get a variety of different items to try out that aren't at regular McDonald's. It's always super busy here too so expect a wait.

I'm a local and I decided to try something different when a friend was visiting so we came here and ordered pizza. I was so sick for the next three days that I couldn't leave bed. Never again."
Paid for nuggets by time I walked all the way to my apartment approximately 25 minutes and we started to eat we opened up the food no nuggets
This McDonald's is across the street from the Orange County Convention Center. The girl at the counter looked at us when we got there, and made no attempt to greet us or even approach the counter until we asked her if she was Ok. The food was fine, but the service definitely needs improvement.
I never thought I would rate a McDonald's as 5 stars but I did. Food was typical of a McDonald's but the staff were truly incredible for a fast food restaurant. They smiled, checked up on us, cleaned up our tables and looked far more professional than the normal locations.
On Saturday, at 11:25am, drive through is moving at 4 to 5 minutes per car, which works out to about 30 to 35 minutes to get your food from when order was placed. Also, only use lane 1 and you will go faster.
The worst McDonald's in the area. I have lived close to this McDonald's for a little over a year now and have yet ever had a good experience. My order is either not accurate or the food is unacceptable. Also the team members and management just don't seem  to care. I'm not usually one to complain about things because I do realize this is a fast food restaurant, however this last visit has really ticked me off, I couldn't even place my order because the person taking orders in the drive thru was so incompetent, and then she wanted to act like she couldn't hear me. Other times I have visited this location,  I have had an issue where items were left off my order, so brought the food back to have it all replaced because by the time I got home and had to drive back to pick up my missing items, it would all be cold. I asked for my order to be remade and I legit watched this manager put my sandwich in the microwave ... I could understand if I had a huge order to be replaced but it was honestly 3 items. With that said I will not be back to this McDonald's location ever.
"Great food. Not speaking English at the drive-through window is a big downfall for me.  Not sure why they would put somebody like that taking orders. I repeated myself three different times and then they finally brought somebody else to the window. Very frustrating
RJ."
The management staff were bullying a new employee by telling her have needed to clean the dirty trays , the manger did this while the girl was taking my order, very uncool. The rest of the staff in the drive through laughed at the the poor girl and I was embarrassed for her. I mean I know it's just a starting job for some people, but they still need to be professional.
This place was freaking unbelievable!  It has a elevator that takes you up to the game room where all the fun begins.  The food was good. I had the broccoli and     Alfredo. I do recommend it.  The large fish tank in the middle of the floor
The friendliest mcdonalds staff I have ever met! Tasha was the sweetest worker there! The food was good and as isially good price. They had some fancy new machines that had to be 2019 machines I was lost and couldn't get a refill cause it made me anxious and they were busy! But overall good time okay food good people
Severely understaffed for such a busy location. I've seen McDonald's with more workers in locations in the middle of nowhere. Expect to wait at least an hour for food and make sure to check your order before leaving as I and at least half of the patrons I saw leaving came back missing something.
Took more than 30 minutes in drive thru with 5 cars ahead of me. Not only the slowest McDonalds ever, but by far the slowest McDonalds I have ever been to.
Ordered 2 cheeseburgers with no pickles. I got 2 burgers with no cheese and pickles. The establishment itself was clean kept and had a nice interior update to it. The soda machine is a touch screen and you can add flavor shots to it if you'd like. So, if you like Russian Roulette, this might be the McDonalds for you.
Really nice place. Best McDonalds I've ever seen. Milkshake was good too.
We were not impressed with this location. They locked the doors at lunch and only ran the drive-through. We made it inside, but that wasn't much better. The workers were not friendly and I had to order at a kiosk.
McDonalds International Drive had really terrible customer service. Not sure what's hard about ice cream in a cup but they were determined to charge us for a sundae and could not have been less cooperative. Chick-fil-A this is why I love you so much.
If you prefer to talk to a person then DO NOT go to this location. They only take orders made by kiosk in the dinning room.
Worlds worst McDonald's. Went there on may 7th 2021 at approximately 11pm pizza was closed ,play are arcade closed,  ordered food to eat in tables dirty, asked several times to get it cleaned, and to get better in had to stand on a line for 35 minutes to get my drink because they wouldn't bring it to the table what a joke Spanish manager was a witch to be nice I say nasty nasty and a joke to run it like this she had no care
This is the worst run McDonald's I have EVER seen in my life, the service is super slow. Its complete chaos. The manager should be immediately terminated along with the rest of the useless staff. I would rate it zero but that wasn't an option.
If I could give this place zero stars I would after my experience here tonight. The employee (manager) handling the front end was the rudest individual I've ever met of all my visits to McDonald's in my 30 years. Her attitude got her confronted by several of the customers waiting for food. One lady said she'd been waiting on her food for over an hour. They wouldn't even accommodate her with a refund. Infact my order $25 took 40 min to fill. The store shut down the kiosks, as well as the drive through window to attempt to fill orders of those waiting in the lobby. I understand it's easy to get overwhelmed but when you're filling orders for customers that have just ordered while you have customers that have been waiting on food for nearly an hour, your prioritizing methods are failing. And combining that with the attitude of the manager on duty at the time will result in a lot of unhappy customers. I'm on vacation and will most likely never be in this restaurant again. But if I were a local, they would have just received their last $25 from my pocket. My recommendation on would be to avoid the smaller McDonald's in down town orlando, the management  lacks in people skills and the whole establishment functions as a team poorly. The girl running the fries and the font end had better people skills and prioritized better than either member of management on duty. McDonald's, I'd fix this ladies attitude or I'd find her replacement.
Totally not the staff's fault but there was only 1 person to take orders from the double drive thru. There were also a few minor mistakes on our order but considering they barely had staff I expected it.
I have no idea how the employees got hired. They are so rude and have no manners. They literally see you standing there for over 10 minutes waiting and no one offers to help.They all need to stay home if they don ½ï¿
All that technology and they can't remember how to put two sandwiches in a bag. Maybe if they had a few more people instead of LCD screens?
Drive thru 10 minutes to get to screen to order. Then no one to take order for another 5 minutes. Can't get out of line. Trapped!  Such slow service. Sort of silly for this newly updated McDonald's to be poorly run or staffed.
26min in queue is when the manager tells me i have to make my order in one of the machines because she doesn't have someone who can take my order. Really sad i waist my time and did not get my strawberry shake. International Driveway to busy for this time of the day. They need more personal.
I wish there were warning signs on the drive in. Turn back now- unless you have 30 minutes to wait in the drive thru to order, pay and receive your food. Once you pull in and someone comes up behind you, you are stuck..... Hopefully you don't want any Coke with your meal. And forget any all day breakfast items that will add an additional 20 minutes on to your wait. Haven't even tasted my food yet. Do not recommend.
We used the kiosks to order and pay for the food. You are supposed to take a number and sit down and they will bring you your food. We had to wait for numbers. She told me they've had those kiosks for at least 8 months. The staff was overwhelmed with the amount of orders. We had to get the food ourselves from the counter. My poor mom had to wait in the line because she couldn't make the kiosk work. She was so stressed out by the time she sat down.
Service and costumer service awful horrible!!
"I tried to use a coupon to get a free medium fries from the Mcdonald app along with my other items i purchased and after the scanned the coupon they gave me small fries. I even heard them making comments about the free coupon. Also the women at the window seem to be fooling around too much hence the extremely long line during lunch and dinner times. I stopped by 4 times in one week and had an issue each time.

The young white guy at the first window is really nice though hence the 2 stars instead of 1"
Took forever, which I've gotten used too, being a very popular location close to the tourist traps of international drive. But the service and order quality has been way less that satisfactory more times than I could count. And not to forget, neither of my kids of my kids even got the "Pokemon toy" or any toy for that matter that they asked for.
Absolute worse McDonalds I've ever been to.  Restrooms were a mess, ordered food, gave up after 30 minutes and gave receipt to some other folks waiting for their order.
Wait was not too long at all. Line moved evenly. Although order was incorrect and corrected. It took a long time to get 1 drink
Soda machine on drive thru window was broken on 12/01/2018 at  around 10:30pm. The person who was taking the order was kind enough to give me the option to go inside with the cup and use the machine inside but his manager told him he could not offer me that option therefore I was unable to buy a soda. Great Management Skills.
Fires were "pie pan" hot and the chicken sangwich was pretty deece. Better than usual.
"As I do not nor have I ever cared for McDonald's.... my wife really enjoys coffee... I tried there coffees'... as I was not blown away, I will not be so quick in the future to pass up another location if need a special cup of ""Joe"".

We did not eat any food.  Location was clean. Staff was typical young peeps... wishing they were anywhere but there."
Was awful at this location!!!! FILTHY!!! Had staff just moving trays of trash around from table to table.. The self pay was out of order, took 15 minutes for someone to notice we were at the registers to pay, with only 2 other customers in the restraunt. Even (while patio obviously "designed") patio was horrendous. Trash everywhere, spilled drinks on every table. Very sad since this location I'm sure sees a lot of visitors.
"I have visited multiple McDonalds, and I have never received a great customer service like in this location, by the management.  Great customer service, great attention, very respectfully.
They even walk bu your table to ask if everything was ok."
Terrible service.  Poorly run.  3 out of 4 kiosks were down for ordering. This was the only option to order at 11pm at night on a Sat.  Place was very busy, no cashiers on the line.  Took a number for food to be delivered.  Called receipt to pick up order at counter.  Order wrong.  Forgot Cookie and drink cup.  Had to go back up to ask for it.  Counter person did not apologize.   I will never come back here.
Service was incredibly slow, they were out of coke, dr. Pepper didn't work, and they have light lemonade instead of normal. All while we were in a hurry to get to the park.  Very unpleasant experience.
Busy, but the line went pretty fast, but had a mix up on the order.
Giant line in the drive through, had to wait for about 5 minutes per car and after about 15 minutes we decided to not order there.
After travel around the world this is one of the best McDonald's. The Manager is super kind and has the best customer service ever.
I could have gave 5 stars if it stayed original. I liked the safari jungle vibe. I went with my girlfriend on July 13th at night time. It wasn   t crowded and surprised that they renovated and got rid of golden women bathroom           ½ï¿
I realize it's fast food but I like it and go there 2-3 times per month. I always get a #4 chicken sandwich meal. I get a large drink and total comes to about 10 bucks. Maybe a little high but the sandwich makes it worth it. International Drive location in Myrtle Beach, SC.
Forgot to put the sign    we are closedï¿½ï¿
Service speed normal.  Was asked to pull to a space and wait for our order, when it came items were still missing so had to go inside anyway.
"Took me and my husband and kids there. They loved the playground that was located upstairs. It was very Spacey.
But just one problem was it not clean. Tables dirty and staff very unfriendly..
But will visit again
Here's pictures of the at home aftermath
#Wired"
Great location and I love the high-tech features, but there's a young woman there who is the rudest little thing. Her name is GERLINE, and she's a nasty, unprofessional piece of work who needs to learn how to be courteous when speaking to customers, and not be rude and treat them like they are an inconvenience. Nasty little piece of work she is. Other than that, all good.
When i walked in i saw a nice line and thought oh no but they brought there A game that day they got everyone in and out! My order was correct and my ff were hot. The restaurant was clean and i got great service.
Arrived starving from water park.30 minutes after ordering large order of food( no deals on that was on other branches) still no food so asked staff who said would look into it. 45 minutes later one staff arrived with sandwich only out of 4 meals and desserts saying rest coming. 1 hour later rest of order arrived no desserts and on checking burger brought was wrong. Went down to complain so called manager shrugged shoulders said other stuff sent up and was attitude of so what that was terrible service. Half machine for kids to play upstairs broke and ridiculous amount of tickets to get smallest prize. Will never be back. If u want mcdonalds go to smaller local branch as will have deals and hopefully better service.
I couldn't tell you much about the food or service because it wasn't open. Supposedly 24 hour location but closed for maintenance.  The sign had been updated closed from 11pm to 4am and then changed again to 5am. I gave up hope at 5:20am when it didn't look like it was going to happen.  Oh well, good luck!
Went new year's Eve and was a disaster!!! 4 employees in the heart of tourist district..We ordered at Kiosk and waited 15 mins and saw that others that had been There for 25+mins hadn't even paid for much less gotten their food... Would have just done as much good to have shut the doors and locked as opposed to being open..
Very busy here at night maybe a good 20 mins to get u food
Found the drive through staff to be rude on a regular basis over the course of several visits. If you can go a few miles down the road, the Sand Lake location on I-drive is much better.
This Mc Donald's it's always really slow. Simple orders like a Quarter Pound and Mc Nuggets can take forever. I'm already waiting 40 minutes on Curbside Pickup and nothing. It already happened sometimes, I will not come back to this Mc Donald's anymore. Terrible customer service.
Sat in the drive thru for 30 minutes before being able to order. Part of the delay was due to another car deciding thier time was more valuable by cutting the line so it pushed three other cars besides mine back in line. Two other cars followed suit so we couldn't even leave when we wanted to and were forced to stay and order because we along with the traffic trying to leave the parking lot was blocked in. When I called to complain while forced to stay in line I was on hold for 6 minutes before hanging up because the manager didnt want to answer my call
Unbelievably poor service. Ordered 3 items. 2 bagged immediately but then waited 15 mins for final item - a double cheeseburger. By this time first 2 items cold so asked for a fresh re order.  30 mins later! Walked out with barely an apology. Given the numerous bad reviews for this outlet you would expect a change in personnel. Avoid if you can, don't expect if you cannot.
Normally visit this location 4 out of 7 days a week usually early mornings and staff dont seem to want to be there which is ok because it is early 530am. On 4/21/19 the frappe machine is down for cleaning at 5am, and now on 4/22/19 the system is completely down. It's becoming a place that isn't dependable.
Just went through the drive thru and literally was in line for about 20 mins start to finish. For being a fast food they are super slow. They are in the heart of Orland and do not do a good job. My French fries were cold. One of my kids drink was empty and the cookies I ordered were completely wrong. I would suggest going to q near by restaurant which they have faster service than these people.
This has got to be the most improved McDonald   s in the area. While the others are slowly deteriorating, this one maintains its beauty!! Everybody is always working hard and the inside is so clean. If it takes long that just means they ½ï¿
What a horrible experience. I sat at the front counter for over 15 mins for utensils and sauce on Dec 21st at 9:45pm. The so called manager and the employees never once acknowledged me nor other customers that walked up for assistance with their orders that THEY messed up. Honestly the manager should be fired or retrained she had no customer service skills or manager skills at that. This mcdonalds makes the rest look bad.
"Good luck being served if you have questions about allergies. We asked one of the employees to check the ingredients of the chicken nuggets to make sure there were no dairy allergens. He asked his manager to check. She straight out refused. We couldn't even complete one of our orders.

30 minutes after placing our other order, we received fries so cold, when I went up to the front to get fresh ones, I didn't even have to say anything. One of the employees brought me new ones automatically after the manager ignored my presence.

The bathrooms were nasty, the tables were dirty, every trash can was over flowing, and the whole lobby smelled like rotten fish. This is easily the worst McDonalds in Orlando."
The rep did not my order correct after I repeated it to him twice. When I got to the pick up window I told the rep I was missing nuggets and she said I was not charged for it. I told her that I would pay for it and said it was ok. She then gave me a 10 piece nugget instead of 6 I don't know where she got those nuggets from but they were ice cold. I felt so bad because my son bit into them and was so disappointed. Although I was less than a minute away I refused to go back because I felt that was done spitefully.  Usually go to this location at least 4 times but will NEVER return and encourage any one I know to skip this location
What a waste of time we were there in line for more than 30 minutes. The woman at the window asked for our receipt and still did not get the order correct. We spent 5 minutes at pick up trying to get it corrected . When I asked for my re eipt back she told me she lost it. When I said I wanted the Manager she slammed the window shut. The manager  said she put the order together from the receipt. He stated the order screen only holds orders for 25 minutes. Not sure what to think McDonalds at this location in the later evening I would suggest do not stop find another. 
Horrible service- stood there for 20 minutes trying to pay 6.00 for my food. Manager was talking to one customer ignoring others, workers were in back play fighting. Drive through line was around the building and over 12 customers in line. After 20 minutes, asked if I could pay manager when she finally came by  register- she told me I would have to wait very rudley and walked away. She was very ride to customer in front of me also who had waited longer for his food. Will never go back there and advise others to avoid this mcdonalds.
We shouldn't  even be waiting for fast food more than 40 minutes . For order of chicken nuggets. Please . Also they wanted to give us watered down drinks . I mean i know fast food   isn't easy but damn 40 minutes really give me a break. Staff is extreamly slow. Won't  be back.
How hard is it to give us the unsweetened tea we ordered instead of sweet tea. We got on the hwy, took the first sip and realized the ineptitude of the staff. Too late to turn around...
Waited 40 minutes in the drive thru, and then they started turning cars away. Would've loved to go somewhere else, but the options were sparse at 1 AM. Got up to the window and the manager literally didnt even care about the horrible service.
Horrible food.....bag the  chicken sandwich came in had a disgusting almost like a gasoline smell.....and the sandwich was not warm at all....and the sandwich tasted like it had been sitting around for a very good amount of time....I threw it away immediately and spit out the bite I had in my mouth....disgusting... disappointing...and I stopped visiting the McDonald's on hwy 29 Cantonment because of bad food and sloppy service...and this one on pine forest rd Pensacola..will be on my McDonald's never to visit too......
Waited in line for 30+ mins to get to order and they said that everything was broken and were taking cash only. Nice. I wasn't even mad, just disappointed.
"I   d like to start off by saying so far I love the employees they have great attitudes, they act professional and real kind.

So, I stop by almost every morning and have come to realize their apples pies are often hard as a rock. This is becoming to be a real problem at this location. They also don   t put the     best by     stickers on them     Iï¿½ï¿"
This location gets super busy, but the staff seems to take it all.in stride. They are all very nice and polite. I had a good experinece here and would go back, even though they forgot the pickles on my cheeseburger. That makes the McDonalds Cheeseburger.
"Although McDonald's chain is known for it great customer service and fast delivery, however this outlet is different.
They are usually late in service even they are a very few customers.
Moreover, they have less no of options of eatables including snacks and beverages. Sometimes their machines do not work and customers have to wait to make payment."
You wouldn't expect it but it's not as good as it is in europe, not to mention if you'll go there really hungry by the time they'll serve you you'll starve.
2am walked up to the drive through .. the best nightshift crew and McD ½ï¿½ï
If I could give this less than 1 star I absolutely would! I spent 30 minutes in line just to get 2 meals and 2 ice creams for my kids. Waited 15 minutes just to pay and another 15+ to get our food. Will NEVER recommend this location to anyone. The sad part, I didn't have high expectations because it was late on a Saturday night and all of the theme parks were letting out and even my low expectations were shattered.
Warning avoid this location at all costs.Truly one of the worst McDonald's in the nation. There's always an issue in the drive-through there's always an issue when you go inside the store. The staff is not friendly not greeting when you walk in the door they have no idea what the 3' ruled is. Whoever their trainer is should be ashame when they have the McDonald's conference in Orlando Florida. If I could give them negative stars I would. When you go through the drive-through there is not a proper greeting. It as is if you are bothering the attendant taking your order. There is no quality service. It's all about quantity, instead of quality.
Employees I dealt with were rude. When they got our order wrong they tried to blame it on us not ordering right. We showed them the receipt and still refused to admit they were wrong. The girl went to the back and came back with the right order, didn't say anything or make eye contact, just handed me the bag. This is the rudest I have ever been treated at any establishment, fast food or not. I recommend everyone drive a little farther up the road to the next McDonald's than deal with what I had to deal with.
Absolutely one of the worst experiences ever at McDonald's. Ordered a ice coffee and cappuccino at 10:13 pm..waited and waited..drive through backed up, 20-30 people inside waiting, absolute chaos. Finally at 10:47pm the lady asked what I ordered and made them so I could leave. Literally 35 minutes for coffee. Horrible experience, short staffed and totally out of control.
I usually frequent McDonald's at least once a week, whether its to grab a coffee or get some pancakes for my little one. This visit was probably the worst I've experienced. I ordered my food at 9:11AM - A mcgriddle, a coffee, and two hashbrowns. Once I paid I was immediately told to go to #1, so I did. After waiting until 9:30AM with no one in the drive thru line anymore I went back around where a female with red hair came walking out with a guy who looked like they knew each other. After handing me my bag, I asked about my drink and she said "What drink", I said the coffee that's listed on the ticket you provided me along with the receipt. She said okay and then CONTINUED to hold a conversation with the guy standing right in front of me. I waited an additional 2 minutes and she was still talking and laughing with the guy while me, a customer was watching her and patiently waiting for my coffee. Needless to say, my patience went thin and I told her to forget about it and I had to leave. I paid for something I never received and was treated with the most disrespect in my book. Coming from a long time McDonalds customer, I wont be back again.
Super friendly place! Yvette was our CSR today and she was very friendly and helpful.  Really clean too  which is surprising because it's been raining for hours.  Great location too!
So fun! The playground is HUGE! There   s also an arcade and shopping inside. My kids thought the elevator was neat to ride in a Mc
Wish I could give a ZERO... food was horrible and the whole order was wrong.. paid extra for cheese no cheese no mayonnaise on anything. Food was cold and to top it off the dime size tomatoes on each sandwich 7 sandwiches and 2 were right.. cant post the pictures on here or I would.. service unacceptable
Good food. Good service.
There was one car in front of me when I pulled up at 5am. More than 20 minutes for a single egg mcmuffin. I was given no explanation or apology for the wait either. I'm honestly appalled at the poor service, especially at such a nice location. I will literally never come here ever again.
Don't know why, but ever since the rebuild of this site, the burgers are unbearable. Never juicy, dry and unfavorable as can be... From the little burgers to the quarter pounder, it's the same. Doesn't even taste like meat anymore. They had the same problem with the nuggets at first but that got better after a few months, but we'll over a year now, and the burgers are just like eating flavored cardboard. What happened?
I love this McDonald's.  It's across from Hilton Orlando.  They got good deals for breakfast and during the day.  The quality is amazing.... Way beyond what I expected.  The McCafe drinks were so good...not water down like those in NYC.  I am giving this place 5 stars if you want cheap meals that fill you up!!!
Ordered a spicy chicken sandwich....bit  into the sandwich and it was a bit hard to chew the sandwich was undercooked.... not happy with this at all.
It was already a bad experience from the moment I met the window attendant at Pickup 1.  She told me we ran out of eggs and just left me there at the window without telling me they were making more. Then she came back s few minutes later and handed me my food(Big Breakfast which is supposed to come with OJ) and I asked for salt and pepper and she said it was already in the bag, which it is NOT, and then shut the window in my face. The meat wasn   t fully cooked and the eggs still runnie. I walked in to find out she is the actual manager. I told her I was about to shut the window in my face, I was gonna ask for Ketchup. She then snarkley replied I didn   t shut the window in your face! Have a nice day! ½ï¿½
"Just went through the drive thru, young lady at payment window needs additional training on what is considered proper customer care.  She was having a full on conversation with a coworker related to a personal matter (candy she had sitting on the counter next to her), the other coworker indicated she had a customer to which she stated "" I dont care"".  She continued her conversation leaving me sitting there until she finished. Never said hello or thank you.
Once I received my food it was in a bag dripping with grease.
I should have driven a quarter mile up the road to Wendys.
Shameful"
It was awful!!!! 45 min to get lunch! Lines of people complaining.  No ice in the soda machine.  Told them we wanted are money  back ! They found are food
Spent over 30 minutes waiting in line at the drive thru at around 9 pm. Finally placed my order of 2 egg mcmuffins. Recieved 2 egg mcmuffins that must of been sitting since the morning hours from breakfast. The white portion of the egg was almost black. They are supposed to make them fresh after breakfast hours not serve on from 12 hours prior.
Horrible service... waited over 40 min for my cold food! No one wanted to speak up but i did, manager turns around and tells me we are short staffed but no excuse for them dragging their feet and cracking jokes to each other...total opposite of a FAST food joint. I would of had better luck and service an actual sit down place..
Store is unprofessional not open during business hours. When does that happen at mcdonalds. Not a good look.
HORRIBLE! It took 54 mins to get our food and then it was nasty. We watched the manager mix sweet and unsweet to fill a mans tea. Noone ever asked for our order so we pulled forward at the window. Will NEVER stop at this location on our way home from Seaworld. EVER!
"Our order was messed two days in a row when visiting this McD on vacation.

The first day they rang up our at the drive thru incorrectly AND didn   t even match the incorrectly charged order. Second day we ordered at the kiosk inside and they didn   t give us 2 of the items we ordered (an apple pie and hashbrown).

Not sure if there ½ï"
Slow no one is ever quick to assist. Recommended i go to kiosk every visit. Restroom was filthy lobby and fries were made fresh twice was burnt looking coming out of the oil. Nasty coffee. It was ok. Oh mananger was rude no thank you after i said thank you.
WORST MCDONALD'S EVER!!!! unfortunately I cannot leave less then 1 star. They have 10 automatic screens to place your order from, but only if you want breakfast, cant order lunch from them. A completely waste of my time and money! Your better off going across the street to Burger King and getting a whopper!!!!
Wrong order through the drive thru. Doesnt surprise me any more with this location. Glad I'm not allergic to the items I requested to be removed.
Best Mcdonalds in FL, yet. Quick story, I came to order a quick meal because I missed a bus. Almost fell out and no one engaged me about it. Understandable. So I ordered a meal as well because it was well maintained inside-out. Looking for a good restaurant?! This location knows hospitality. Lol
Dirtiest McDonald's we've ever been in, but the food was fine.  Delayed flight so this was the only thing open at 3 a.m. The lobby was open and someone was in the process of cleaning it, she was friendly too. You can only order at a kiosk, which was new to us.
"The ONLY reason I gave this place one star is because I couldn't give it ZERO!
we ordered on a kiosk at McDonald's because the counter line was too long.  Come to find out it's because the kiosks weren't taking payment?  I then proceeded to wait in line FOR AN HOUR to just PAY for my food.  When I asked for a refund for my friend's food the manager pointed at food that had been sitting there no less than 10 mins and said ""it's coming.""  Uh, no!  Needless to say we got our refund and ended up going across the street to iHOP instead.  Shout out to the waiter at iHOP and the whole staff for doing so much better than McDonald's!"
Employees just hate being there. Not one person said thank you, please you are welcome. Just What's Your Order, Pull around, here. Put people who actually want to work and a friendly. Its not that hard!
Horrible customer service tried to order at the register and the manager talked to me like I was a child and had to order at the kiosk. Mean while half the kiosk in the building was not working.
One of my worst experiences at a McDonalds ever.   I waited in a line at the drive through for 20  minutes.  Get to the first window where I hand them my card and end up paying for someone else's order.   Waited longer to correct that situation.  The order at the window was wrong.  Waited some more for that to be corrected.  Finally the lid to my soda wasn't on so when I went to grab it in the car the lid popped off the cup and spilled all over me.
It took 26 minutes for them to make 5 double cheeseburgers. I asked the manager Daniel why, he said they just completed a large online order. I told him this was the 2nd time in a month I had to wait an outrageous time for fast food and he just starred at me blankly. Eventually Daniel told me I was holding him up and making other people wait. I thought that was pretty rude and unconstructive for a manager to say. Terrible location, regardless of how busy it is, it almost always looks like a warzone inside with trash everywhere and nasty, dirty tables, and the wait time for food can be really ridiculous and on top of all that the staff is rude.
Seriously you have one job? Ordered a stake egg and cheese on a bagel they served it on a biscuit. Ordered a egg McMuffin, served a Sausage egg McMuffin?? Best part about it. A MANAGER walked it out to my car. Y ½ï
I went through the drive-thru the drive-thru was closed so I came in the kiosk was not working right and the lady would not take my order so I left
We went here for breakfast. The place could have been cleaner and the staff seemed a bit clueless; they missed the coffee from our order and also missed some items from the order of people sitting next to us. You'd be much better off going to Friendly's or Dunkin Donuts on International Drive.
Worst experience been waiting in the dining room with it full during COVID  for the last 20 mins with no help from manager two employees just sitting on their phone not one person has enknowledge anyone who waiting for their food they haven   t asked for anyone order number that is waiting or trying to push people   s food out I have been waiting for 20 mins they walked passed me as I was tryin
New and clean but horrible service
Super impolite drive thru and cashier. We had to repeat the order three times bc she was talking to someone else and they didn ½ï¿
It's McDonald's, doesn't matter the city the food is all the same. 2 double cheeseburgers and a fry. Perfect lunch on the go.
"The manager at this location is Mike. I was the only person in the drive through. Mike opens the window and hands me my food and walks away. I looked him right in the eye and asked for BBQ sauce. This is how little Mike cares about his job and helping his customers.

Pure laziness at this location!!"
Terrible processed unhealthy food that squarely contributes to the diabetic and obesity epidemic especially with the underprivileged.  Went only as an emergency.
The McDonald   s experience is that you can find the same on every single establishment but what really makes a difference and makes you come back is the way the employees treat the customers, on this specific McDonals the manager (Timothy) makes such a good j
I loved your pepperoni pizza and California suhshi. Highly recommend this clinic.
We went for breakfast before going to Aquatica. The service was fast and good. Everyone was nice and helpful and our food came out fast and hot. Everything you want when you come here!
We went here late night after EDC. Around 2am, we waited about an hour to get our food. Whatever its the night of EDC so it was crowded ok. In a 22$ order, we were missing 2 items equaling 8$ and a sweet and sour sauce that they charged me 2$ for. After going back and telling them what happened, they argued. I eventually got the egg sandwich and double bacon cheeseburger, which ended up having no bacon. Still never got that 2$ sweet and sour.
Ordered my food of four items and they did not have my order right the first time.  Still the self-order kiosks do have some getting used to and they don't have the option to pay cash; have to go to the cashier.  Food was good.
We stopped for an annual/anniversary shamrock shake and they didn   t have shamrock shakes!!! On St. Patrick ½ï
at Night, they didn't give happy meal drink. they have a sign for if they don't  offer new dessert, they will give a free dessert. But they never mention about it. So, I requested them to give a free dessert. They don't want to give a free dessert..
They still serve pizza and pasta at this location. Plus a huge arcade with a prize counter to redeem tickets is upstairs.
By far the rudest customer service I have ever encountered. I went around 3:32am on Sunday went to the drive through my husband asked what comes with the crispy tenders meal she responded so rudely "ugh fries and a drink what else" he laugh and asked if she had a long shift cause that was really sarcastic and again she responded rudely " cause who doesn't know that".  I don't work at McDonald why should I know what comes with a meal every place is different regardless it's no excuse to be rude to a customer.
Very nice customer service! Helping, and making my family feel welcomed! Maria was the best help! 
I don't like self order machines
No napkins inside and the buns on the sandwiches we ordered were on hard buns....the sandwich and nuggets we ordered tasted like they were made a few hours ago.....I don't think I'll be coming again
Hire more staffing during evening hours. Waited about 25 min with only about 4 cars ahead of me before finally giving up. Be more proactive and tell customers if there will be a long wait.
Order from the kiosks cause all the POS were unmanned and closed. Paying by cash made this a pain but not only that as everyone else was ordering and having thier order number shouted across the restaurant we waited and waited until after 30 mins got uo to ask how our order wasnt called or even on the board we were told we had to queue to replace the order and pay. Utter farce after being here multiple times and having no problems this was a shambles and insulting
Fantastic staff, manager and food. Far beyond any other Maccas I've been to
Not gonna lie, this one was a little rough. It was hard to tell what was going on but after waiting 15 minutes in the drive thru without any movement I went inside and waited 20 mins more. Apparently there was some security issue involving the police. Either way, I was there way longer than I wanted to be... and the fries had 0 things of salt on them.
Can only order from the Kiosk but no tells you that.  No in restaurant dinning. Saturday night was very busy and the people waiting seem very unhappy. There were no real human interaction just order number 1786.
They were out of chicken and ice cream. Waited 40 minutes on the drive thru to get our food. Cash only. Their credit card system was down.
Went to this McDonald   s at 130 am
had me waiting a whole hour on doordash just to cancel my order horrible service do better or try
Long lines here since it's in a tourist area, but the service was friendly and the food was hot. Just be prepared to wait in line for a while.
We are British but never had the same problem on our many visits to Florida. He persons taking our order just didn't understand what we were asking for. Very frustrating seeing as our language is almost identical
The best McDonald's I've ever been to, hands down. My kids could play in the play area for hours. The made to order omelette, served to me at my table on a China plate, was delicious. The staff are overly gracious and professional. If you have been to Orlando and not stopped here you are missing out!
We ordered on the online tablet and we sat down and waited for 15 minutes and got tired of waiting so we went to the front and was told that our food was given to us ten minutes ago and it wasn't clearly. They remade the order and of course it was incorrect so I had to go and get them to fix it again.
No inside seating. Rude employees that barely noticed I was there. No napkins in my bag and no one asked or seemed to care if I needed any. I had to remind them my meal came with a drink.
It was a little pricey. Just like eating in a real restaurant. $50 for a family of 4. But I'm sure it cheaper if you get normal meau things. We got noodles and pizza. It was plenty of food for the price.
The single NICEST McDonald's I've ever been to!!  And that includes the location on the Disney property complex.  2 floors, massive play area for kids, full arcade, elevator, and the bring the food to you.  Glad to see the owners transform this place.  Well done!!
Very poor. 22 minutes of waiting on my order to be wrong and it was sitting on the back counter the whole time. Didn't say anything because I knew I hadn't ordered what was on the tray. Employees only wanted to do one thing and passing the buck to someone else. The kiosks don't work properly. The line to get your money is quick enough but the wait is ridiculous. Only 6 words of English amongst the whole crew. "Thand you" "I sorry" "Come again". Wel here are 2 more for you, Never Again!
Never ever had service like this in a maccies! Don't know if it was had a convention on next door, but was outstanding!
Probably the nicest McDonald's I've been too. Staff was super nice and really trying their best to make happy customer's and smiles. We even got to try free blueberry pies! (The pies were AWESOME!!)
Often very slow bc of the flood of people. Thirty minute wait for fast food is crazy. If you use the mobile app, stick to drive thru. I waited 30 minutes for curbside pick up and 25 minutes in lobby. I recommend getting back in your car and going to Chick-fil-A. You   ll be there and back with your food before anything hap
"No card acepted
Have men ½ï¿½"
This has to be the WORST experience ever at a fast food place. We used the kiosk and were thrilled because we placed the order faster than the workers that were ignoring us at the counter. THEN they only brought 1/4 of our order. Forgot our 4 McCafe drinks and condiments. Then when one of the teenagers told someone at the counter, he was told to ask someone else. Really? You want $15/hr for this? I had low expectations because no McDonalds gets the order right but damn.
So I never thought I would be reviewing a McDonald's,  because well its McDonalds.  However, I was in town for a conference and grabbed a quick lunch in between sessions.  The food was typical McDs, but every staff member was just so friendly and helpful.  Granted I dont eat at inside McDs often, but I have never been so delighted and cared for ar one.  Greeted as I walked in, ordered from kiosks, food delivered to me, staff member checked on how my food was and wished well by members as I left.  McDs needs to bottle up the service from this location and send to all.  Cheers.
Make me wait over 25 min and still get my order wrong, if you want to get upset go to this drive through!
Super slow to get food.  It appears drive thru got all the attention.  15 minutes to get food is too long.  Also when I order a breakfast meal with a soda I want the choice to get a larger drink when they are all the same price
I would rate it a 1 star but people would not take my review seriously. I visited this restaurant last night. It was very clean including the bathroom. At this time there was one cashier with a huge line and a bunch of people waiting for their order. The cashier was overloaded and the manager told everyone to order at the kiosks and not the register. This wasn't possible because nobody could pay at the kiosk; they had to get a receipt and pay at the register. I left 20 minutes later and went to Wendy's when the line had barely moved.
Terrible. Sign says 24hrs. Door says till 3am. Was denied service at 10:30pm. Attitude was horrible.
I   ve had one really positive experience at this McDonald   s and one really negative. First time they were super fa
Rude and drinks and food was wrong.  Asked for sauce for nuggets, handed 2 of them and window closed on us and the drive thru person walked away
So disappointing.Place is terrible.The food is even worse.Took the family and ordered.Food was cold,hamburger rolls were hard and fries were cold.I will not be coming back to this location.
Avoid drive thru like the plaque.  2nd night queueing for over 40 mins.
If I could give this place a 0 star rating, I would. I work late and sometimes don   t feel like cooking when I get home, so I stop at this McDonald   s occasionally. But, 99% of the time they only take CASH! Which I   ve never heard of in my entire life. Tonight at 12:25 am on 05/27 I was getting off of work, hungry. So, stopped at this awful place. WAITED for over 20 minutes in drive thru to just be tol
We had to wait about an hour to get our food that we already paid at one of those"self order screens", it was supposed to be faster but it was a waste of time. Fast food? What a shame guys, you can do better!
New system of ordering at kiosks is aweful. Despite the most important thing to me being wanting to order with a human being, ordering at the kiosk took longer and was more difficult than ordering with a human...and I wanted to pay cash which required I go to a cashier after ordering at the kiosk, very frustrating. Also, the new fountain drink machines are equally aweful, I will never order a drink from a machine that dispenses all drinks from one spout because no matter what you dispense it always tastes like a mix of more than one drink. Why has McDonalds chosen to fix what wasn't broken and use systems and machines which customers so clearly dislike?
Sorry, coffee was horrible, 3 of us threw it away. Pancakes were rock hard. I cannot find the 1 I visited the other day. They had the McMuffin 2 for $3.50. Excellent service and food was good
Not Brother bringing food food to table,long wait and don 
Hi-Tech = SLOOOOWWW 20 minutes into waiting for a 1 person order as the employee screams out order numbers without the table number locator.  Slowest McD ever and shouting employees because of a bad system.  Not 1 person whiping the soiled floor or tables. Pretty bad
bad service, they don't respect the time indicated on the sign, mc Donald's disrespect for the customer, constantly decay
"Clean, roomy and just a wonderful eatery!

The food was good and the staff was great. I usually dont eat at McDonalds due to the ones around my house being rather run down looking and dirty.

This was a pleasant surprise."
Horrible service!!! Whoever that moronic lady working the counter register at 11:50 pm on August 15th, 2018 is, she should be shoved into a corner of the rear of the store indefinitely!!! The fact that she couldn   t grasp the English language isn   t even the worst of if. On top of that, she had an attitude and acted like her doing her job was an inconvenience! I get it, it 
Nice staff, quick service
No hand sanitizer. Biscuit was dry and hard. Staff wanted me to take a number to place on table, but I refused. No telling how many millions of ppl held that thing. The germs. Ugh!
It was really bad, the chicken wasn't good, didn't salt fries, forgot the sauce, and when I ask for it, he gave it to the person next to me!
New kiosk-based ordering can be a little daunting at first.  But, it does seem to speed things up.  The food is what you've come to expect from McDonald's.  It didn't disappoint.
Terrible service, I order a few things and had to wait over 20 minutes in order to receive my items. No one approached me and another guy when we were standing at the cashier for over 10 minutes. Not even the managers. I had to ask one of the employees if they actually had a cashier.
Good food
Worst McDonald's experience  ever.  Silent 25 mins in drive thru.  When ordering we were advised could not sub drink in meal with McFlurry and had to purchase separately.  When finally making to window to pay, they couldn't 'find' my order.  For this to be in a Prime location in Orlando,  they completely failed the meaning of fast food.
Never had such a terrible experience at a restaurant which is a big deal for me to say since my 3 year old is allergic to many things.  This morning around 12:28 am 11/24/18 when asked the very standard " may I see the food allergy menu" or since that wasn't available, "would you mind checking the ingredients on the package while I wait to place my order while others go ahead" the cashier was told by the manager right in front of me that she would not get the menu nor would she check the ingredients and went right back to laughing and carrying on with another employee.  The same manager stood around looking at others needing help during the rush without any movement or intention to step in for her team or their long waiting customers.  The entire place was in disarray from the back to the front with filthy tables, floors, and bathrooms.  Every trash can in the place was overflowing and the pungent smells both in the lobby and the restrooms were enough to make anyone lose their appetite.  Black Friday or not... absolutely unacceptable brazen behavior from management that I would never tolerate under any circumstance from my own team at any level of the company.  Zero stars...would not recommend.
Stopped in to get breakfast and there was mold on my bagel and the oil must haven't been changed in a while because the hash browns tasted like old oil instead of hash browns. Never will stop there again.
Bathroom it was a disgraceful experience. Lobby tables dirty. Drinking fountain super dirty. Hamburger box came oily. Unfortunately, it was NOT a great experience and cleaning McDonald's. Better to give up on McDonald's for once and for ALL. You can base a restaurant by their bathrooms.
Late last minute 12am food run....McDonald's is pretty much the way to go lol.
Best Mcdonalds I've ever been too. Way better then the ones in Alabama. They use a machine for ordering,  making customizing your burger easy. Pretty neat, pretty neat. If you like Mcdonald's you'll like this place.
I ordered 20pc. Nuggets received 10pc. Nuggets(BAD IN ORDERS). I ordered pasta and what I got was more sauce than actual pasta. I had to ask for my cups because they they give it to me. I recommend to not come here if you dont want to stress out. BAD SERVICE.
Clean Restaurant and friendly staff. You can tell they are working hard to make sure your orders is perfect. Thx.
The employee's are nice, location is always dirty. Tables have to be clean more often. The food quality has gotten better.
This McDonald's location used to be great. Since their renovation it's been just a disaster. Customer service is non existent, managers and staff are all in the kitchen pushing food out. No one at the front to help, just disgraceful...
This place deserves no stars. My order, which was just a sandwich, was messed up three times and it still wasn't right. The staff was lazy and unhelpful. There was trash on the tables and filthy floors. Definitely no smiles served at this establishment!
Had to order on the tablet screen. Then I was told to take a number to my table and it would be brought out. They never brought it out and I had to go ask for it at the counter 10 minutes later.
"This McDonalds location is significantly updated on the interior featuring subway tile walls and designed seating.  Also has several self-order kiosks. However, one staff member was very adamant about everyone, both young and old, using the self order kiosk which easily took longer and was less efficient than than ordering at the counter.

One plus to this location is the plentiful parking lot behind the building"
Picked the wrong lane and did not get asked for my order as 3 cars passes by in the other order lane. I pulled up and the manager told me I had to pay inside. It took 30 minutes to order and get my food. Horrible.
Ok, so everytime me and my family come to this place is a disaster because we have to wait a lot on the drive thru, I mean a lot of time waiting and they usually have us the wrong order. The service is not that good either, they have a rude attitude.
They are the first McDonald's to get an order right the first time and not make you park. Food was hot and fresh! Cudos to this McDonald's! Anytime I visit, I'll be sure to go to this one.
Order is wrong everytime i have went or missing items!
They ran out often, get here early if you want a full selection.  Otherwise nice staff, and clean restrooms.
OMG!! I can   t believe they ran out of Fountain Drinks and McNuggets on a Saturday night!! They don ½
This was the worst experience I have ever had! It took 20 minutes to get our order and another 20 minutes to get our correct order.
"They ignore me at drive in and they serve 5 cars that came after
Finally when shes5 answer I ask nice why she didn't serve me and she ignore me again
Never ever recommend 0 Zero review for this place"
Plug ins dont work also took 20mins to order, the cashier was just standing in the back. Asked about the plugs in, she told us that it's not their problem. Horrible service
This McDonald   s needs work. By far the worst, and most over cooked food I   ve ever had. Just bought a cheeseburger and it tastes and looks like it was reheated in the microwave. The worke
"This McDonalds has kiosk only ordering. It's a good idea, you order, grab a number and sit down. If you are getting a "" to go"" order, they tell out your name.  I wish there was a more modern way to know your order is ready
A pager or digital board instead of someone telling out names."
Slow service. They even work with one hand . If we didn't asked for our food after waiting 40 mins , it was just going to be sitting in the kitchen. The place was packed and the service was slow.
Didn't even get to eat line never moved and I left after waiting 20 min
Stopped in here on January 24th 2018 and ordered at the counter, a signature classic grilled signature sriacha chicken sandwich with an artisan bun. Paid for my order and waited. When my order was ready it was handed to me in a bag.I asked for ketchup and proceeded to a table to enjoy my meal. First off tge fries were crispy which I prefer, but they were old and not at all indicative of the worlds best fries. I took out my sandwich took bite and noticed sesame seeds in the box. I Checked my receipt to confirm that my sandwich should gave had the artisan bun, proceeded to the counter  to correct the problem with my order to be told tgey were out of artisan buns. I was pissed and walked off. I finished my meal, went to refill my drink and spoke with a man in yellow shirt and tie behind the counter about how terrible that the one woman knew there were no artisan buns but the order taker at the register knew nothing about it as well as the girl who gave me my food. Someone should have confirmed that the sesame seed bun would meet my approval. And I notified him this kind of service was not indicative pf McDonald's and that I would be callong corporate. The following day I contacted McDonald's corporate who passed on my complaint to the restaurant location. I received a call from Rose who apologized for the problem with the order and asked that I come back and give them the opportunity to make tge meal properly per my request. I stopped in on Friday January 26th and Emma made sure that the meal was prepared to the standards I believe McDonald's is known. The sandwich was flavorful with the artisan roll and the fries were hot and fresh. Thanks so much for taking the initiative to prepare my meal to the high quality McDonald's is known to deliver.
This is not the worlds biggest McDonald 
Awful employees they all talk way to much to one another instead of getting their jobs done. None of them work together to accomplish any work task and who ever works the front ordering station is not well at their job
"Two days in a row while attending a convention nearby I stopped for a quick breakfast. They don't listen .... they don't care ... and they DON'T GET IT RIGHT.

I've repeated my request for something simple so many times in one day they should be paying me for the teaching experience. Product and service have sucked both days.

IHOP is acrossl the street. They listen. They get it right."
Biggest McDonald   s in America with an extended menu arcade and play area ! It is a Must go! .. just not now lol play area is currently closed due to COVID and arcade area needs a little tlc (a little wipe down on dust
Great place to go grab a meal!
I give 3 cuz theyre advertising shamrock shakes and had none either byvway of being soldout or not participating
Really poor level of service. Waited over 20 mins for a quarter pounder :-(
They got it right! I order double quarter pounder all the time no cheese no bun everywhere I go . I never get that. It's always a debacle. This McDonald's got me! Thanks guys! Nice Manager too!
"Ordered the Quarter pounders deluxe with cheese no pickle and one with no onion.
They both had no lettuce and tomato on them. I call them about it and they were glad to replace them. I go back and 10mims later we get hot fries and two sandwiches but both had onions and pickles on them..
#nevergetitright #McDonalds"
I want to give this place 0 stars - the self ordering system is inefficient and way more confusing than it has to be, and staff is unprepared. Not their fault. They need training but as is right now it's awful. Took us an hour and a half to get two meals. Ridiculous.
Sweet tea is amazing!!
extremely busy/highly understaffed. waited 1 hr in drive thru (last resort) for my food. this is not fast food.
food was nice and fresh though a couple of the workers where rude to customers and staff too which isn't good at all
Curbside doesn't exist. It's just a waste of time as you still have to go in and  when you try to go in, the doors are locked.. Most ridiculous experience ever!
Crowded... long waiting list...
Ordered quarter pounder on 2 different nights and both times burger was still raw in the middle. Totally unacceptable for place that sells food. Stay away unless you want E. Coli poisoning.
Employees just talk amongst themselves not fulfilling orders or payments as we sit in the driveways like dummies waiting for a bag of cold food. Thanks guys...all 3 times (different days and times)
the food was good but the pineapple smoothie did not taste like pineapple smoothie.  taste like ice only.
Great place to eat anytime. Affordable good quality. Couteous and fast service always. I really like the self service order
Past 2 recent visits my order has been incorrect and required remakes.  They have a lot of employees and all are doing their own thing.  Not an example of fast food.
It has been 20+ min and im still sitting here as I am writing this waiting for my food. And the employees seem too busy to acknowledge your presence half the time when you are trying to speak to them.
I stopped in this McDonald's because it was on my way home. The manager did not want to help me and kept sending me to the kiosk to place my order. Now i was looking to ask a question but she turned around and didn't even want to acknowledge that I was there and kept telling the other workers i had to go to the kiosk.  If there isn't anyone available to help answer a question there should be a phone to pick up and ask for help. She was so rude.
Dude got my order wrong, asked for the double fish but got a single. I didn't notice until I got back to my hotel. He did seem new so
For a prime, busy, tourist filled location, the processes and procedures at this McDonalds are absolutely terrible.  Many of the self-ordering machines do not work, when you use a normal line with a cashier, it's like the employees have never even been to a McDonald's before as they don't even know the menu items (I ordered traditional chicken nuggets meal, so it wasn't pasta, or some sandwich that only special locations have).  When you order at a kiosk, you can order things they do not have such as a waffle cone ice cream.  Then you wait 15+ minutes to find out they don't have waffle cones and wait for an employee to make a fresh one, which she doesn't know how to do so you end up paying $4+ for a cup of ice cream.  I did get my money back for the ice cream because I couldn't believe it took that long.  Don't bother going here; it's not worth it, unless you want to feel like you're waiting at Disney at a subpar place.
Can't even take an order correctly! Couldn't repeat the order back or even put it on the screen for us to review.
I decided to eat here late at night (around 11:30) during a leadership conference at the Hilton Orlando hotel down the street. Quite a few people had the same idea as I did to eat late. At least 30 people had ordered and were waiting for food. Very tight space to move around during a busy time. Very unorganized and waited 30 minutes to get my food.
Waiting for someone to take my order.. 5 minutes later told to use the screen.. no thanks.. I don't work for mcdonalds.. Im the one with the money making the purchase.. I appreciate the option of the screen should there be a long line, but for me to fiddle through all that garbage because no one can take the order.. no thanks.. there are far too many other options out there.. bye mcdonalds., no loss..
Everyone knows what to eat at Mc Donald's. The location is clean, fast service.
Very slow service, took over 10 minutes to get two coffee's and cakes despite there being hardly any customers. Also restroom's were dirty.
Waited 20 min for a qtr pounder at 3am only to witness a worker scrape the onions off my burger with her bare hands I asked for a new burger she argued that I didn't see her do this  absolutely unacceptable
Often gets extremely busy and staff cannot handle it. Good food. Mixed service. Jose very friendly. Cleanliness good.
My fries where overcooked hard and greasy and the manager who brought our food to us spilled my drink on me never compensated I will not be returning. By far the worst McDonald's I ever been to ...your team is only as good as your team leader and this place has a very bad team leader
Great place for kids and it has pizza...
They're pretty fast, didnt have to wait in a parkingspot for the food like at many other McDonalds. They had it ready at the window. But the fries were luke warm and stale
Very good we had icecreem, it was good sitting area .
You can not get service at the front counter. They only cater to drive thru and kiosk. Past 2 weeks have stopped and after 10 mins no one would take order after having 3mgr look at you
Clean place. They have cool machines so you can order yourself but I couldn't figure out how to use it which was surprising to me. It was faster to order at the counter with a cashier.
Food was oh so fresh I don't even eat mc Donald's
Went in for breakfast on a Monday morning. Went inside, pretty empty. No line for drive thru. It's one of the new touch-screen style McDonald's, service was fast and easy.
Service is not good. They don't pay attention to orders. Give you wrong food. They need to slow it down a bit. It says fast food but give us the right food plz
Pretty cool but didn   t drive a 4 hour drive to for the cashier to catch a attitude wi
Extremely slow! Gave a free drink but didn ½ï
This place is really clean but the service was awlful my food was cold n they don't HV a dollar menu  
Close at 9 bc they are understaffed. But nobody get on the com after 8:30.
Very over priced, but did bump into my nan so we did have a good catch up about Corrie, but there is a much better place near, BURGER KING. The straws are thicker and the drinks are cooler. I would of gave macdonalds 3 stars but the old women in front of me how took 2 mins and 47 seconds to decide. Yes I counted. Drew the final straw.
Used the drive thru. Ordered three large fries. Paid for three large fries. Received only two large fries, and no receipt was given to me, so I couldn't go in and prove that I ordered three.
The service and food was terrible. It took so long to get it that I didn't want to wait in line another 20 minutes. Manager didn't care about us.
The new and improved McDonald's catty corner the S Concourse of the convention center
Cold food, expensive to take advantage of the tourists and poor service
You got to love the people who work at the McDonald's across from the convention center those people can get slammed at times and unbelievable Manner and they still handle their composure thank you for all your hard work
It's a fairly new McDonalds. I like the comfortable padded chairs for the 2 person tables if you eat in. Of course all the great hot food and serve yourself & free refills of drink. A great choice for a quick lunch!
Waited 25 minutes in the drive thru with 7 cars in line. Not busy, just poorly managed.
Found it unwelcoming that food has to be paid at kiosk and no option for human interaction.
Went through drive-thru. Slow service. Fries were old.
Busy but orders are right. Needs someone on the floor constantly to clean dining area customers are slobs here leaving trash everywhere. Tourist clean your shuff this is someone elses home!
It took over an hour to go Thur the drive thru and the order was wrong
Manager is a complete joke with zero customer service service skills. Place is dirty inside and out.
Great overall but carefull with togo orders
Wait for my order over 10 minutes drive thru#2 Deluxe with extra onions. Fries where soggy. Had to go back inside to get fresh fries. Looked under staffed
Took forever and drive through was down. Took over 30 mins to get food after they said the drive through was down and we went inside. Terrible service.
The dining room said open until 3:30am and it was closed by 10:30pm.
Clean, convenient, and efficient - only issue is that the member of staff that served me was very grumpy and really not very friendly at all. It was as if she was in a foul mood!
Worst service I've ever had waited over 45 minutes in the drive thru for a 10 peice nugget meal..... workers didn't seem to know what there job was!!! Manager looked lost by what it appeared from the window.
Clean, modern and efficient service. Right next door to the hotel we stayed in so great for breakfast. One of the less touristy ones on I Drive and imo one of the best.
Same food but really good service!
The service was awful and rude. They messed up my order when trying to get it fixed the manager had and attitude even though I had my receipt to show I wasnt lieing.
Staff were swearing on the tills, wandering around in non uniform and using their phones. The girl on the till in the ferrari jumper was flat out ignoring me as I tried to order as she was busy sending Whatapps to friends and the few people who seem to actually care and work hard are stressed as they work with slackers.
Had to constantly repeat myself. The manager had asked me to use the kiosk for a custom order when I didn't want to make a custom order.
This McDonalds is newly renovated with self ordering kiosk. This McDonalds also brings to food to you table for all dining guest thats someting you normally dont see at anyother McDonalds.  The only issue was seating the new furniture at this restaurant is not kid friendly the table is way shorter than other Mcdonalds my daughter was spilling food all over the floor.
Repeated my order 8 times. They still got it wrong. Called back and was hung up on when I asked for my money back. Called again... same result. Called a total of 3 times and each call was hung up on.
Just plain horrible , 30 minutes sitting in drive thru, taking orders one car at a time
Only two power outlets in the whole place and the best one is at the "employee's" table. Noisy and confused environment. Not for business people. Has a 60 minute time limit on  Internet.
They always seem pleasant.  When I use the drive up window they are really fast waiting on us.
They say they are closed during open hours quite regularly.   Why bother keep the lights on!  I live close by and work late.  I have given up,  crazy.
2 things wrong with my order. I'm glad I pulled everything out to check. The employees were very helpful and fixed the order right away
Quite literally one of the worst McDonald's ever! Staff is incompetent, unfriendly, and doesn't get the order right or the food is OLD. As the manager of a 1500 room resort, I advise all of my guests to detour this location.
Very slow service nobody taking orders of the counters yet most of the kiosks are broken.  When you speak to management they are rude and don ½
Food was fresh, but the new model of operations were there is no attendant to take your order ducks. I much rather talk to a human being.
Slowest MCDS IN THE ENTIRE STATE OF FLORIDA!!! Stay away unless you want to waste time in the drive-thur
No one had on hairnets. We get our food and wasn   t asked if we needed anything
Horrible service, staff was very rude and we waited over 20 minutes for our order. When we asked why it was taking so long the lady said "well you can wait for the food or you can just leave now"
Love the electronic ordering and the table service. It's nice to see that McDonald's is moving in that direction. I had a much better experience because of these amenities.
Took a little long to receive order. Never brought order to table.  Had to go get from the counter.  Food was good.
Horrible!!! We waited 1 hour in line to get mediocre food. We were told they were understaffed
Great food, very clean, received food quickly, staff was friendly to me. I saw staff engaged with customers and diligently cleaning their location.
This is the WORST McDonald   s ever!! I wouldn   t even give them 1 star if I didn ½ï
This location is NOT open 24 hours! Please adjust your google advertisement!
It's McDonalds. The food is consistent McDonalds, ordering is through the sel-serve kiosks or drive-through.
It took more than 30 minutes to get the food, they had 3 girls at front including the manager. The manager was working so hard and even with angry customer she had a smile on her face. If I were her I couldn't do the job. I think they need more people like her.
Worst McDonald   
Conveniently 24 hrs and on my route back home... but ordered 2 mcdoubles with mac sauce and medium fries... didnt get the fries and only 1 had mac sauce on it.... double check your food before you go
Went there today and went through the drive thru and the girl taking my order was very rude, so I told her get the manager  and she was rude as well. Poor ass customer service if you ask me the don't even deserve my one star.
Raise all their prices due to the Convention center. Some sandwiches raised by $3. As a company this large they should be able to keep the prices lowered rather than ripping off all the people in the area.
I love the cashier and the people working there there was this guy named Jose which helped me in the register and also threw my food away so I barely needed to do work and it was a great experience for my family next time we visit Orlando I will visit come again
We went twice during a long wknd. Service was TERRIBLE! they got our order wrong, overcharged us both times, and took forever! It was the only"fast food" or we would not have gone there.
Confusing drive-thru lanes, but quick and friendly service despite long line wrapping the building and accurate orders.
Bought a happy meal the other day and they decided for me that I didn   t w
Nasty tables, wiped our table with a paper towel and no soap or sanitizer! No soap or sanitizer in bathroom.
Good food
This is a very nice McDonald's. It was clean and staff was very polite and helpful. They bring the order to your table if you are dining in.
Actually the Pilot gas station was built on this property as a addon. Just stopped here as a pit stop on the megabus to Atl Marta Center *Peachtree where they dropped us off at.
You have to order at kiosk. Several people were frustrated.  Took about 15 minutes to get our order
Clean restaurant and quick service
I ordered hot chocolate and they gave me hot milk.... I also order an ice coffee which was also completely milk. they weren 
Clean. Up to date technology, where shoppers can order from monitor. Associates were friendly and helpful. Good stop between meetings.
New "fresh" beef takes too long to receive order. 8 - 12 minutes after ordering - almost as slow as Wendy's!
I guess this has an extra added experience of a play area and and arcade to boost. But Micky Ds is always somewhere you know you can go anywhere in the world and find something you like, this one was slightly different as you could get pasta and pizza and all day breakfast option
A great franchise that has gone terribly wrong. Service was bad, order was wrong, and it's suppose to be fast food, not was in line for 21 minutes
Beautiful establishment both inside and out but the soda dispensers weren't working and waiting in line to get drinks and ketchup sucks when other customers are placing orders and facing the same dilemma...
Food is consistent with McDonalds.  New electronic order and table service and overeager employee makes it feel like they are owned by Chik-filet.  I like the old style service with counter ordering and FAST order filling.
Terrible service!!!! Waited at the drive up speaker for minutes before anyone asked for my order.  Then proceeded to wait in the line for over 10 mins.  If someone has food that is taking longer you should pull them up!!
The nuggets from this location were the WORST I've ever had! Unfortunately I didn't taste them until I'd gotten back to my room, otherwise I'd definitely have asked for my money back.
Worst service ever. They didnt have everything in my order and then look at me like I did something wrong. Actually, wouldnt even look at me. I will never come.here again.
Took 15 mins to pick up my mobile order. 3 ppl working there and nobody knows where my order was. When I got it, it's already cold.
Sloooooow service! 1:00 PM and just got a cheeseburger & small fries from drive-thru because I was late for a meeting. Took 15 minutes for this simple order!! Really...for a burger & fries?
First time I got a big Mac with only one meat however excelent service.
I am so tired of these franchises ripping off customers and upscaling the prices on items that are supposed to be a dollar! McDonald's just needs to take down this $1 $2 $3 deal. It seems as if every McDonald's I go into now is ran by either Hoodrats or Morons that are unable to perform their job duties.
I never go to McDonald's but my fianc was telling me about a Chips Ahoy McFlurry?? I had to try it, and honestly it was soo good...but could do with less
Not very good customer service at all except for the manager, more training needed to deal with people
Fast and friendly
Worst experience. Drive thru line was longggg. I left the line and came back again at 12.15am, by then it was closed. 24 hours???
Great store!
Costumer service is terrible, approached register to order was told they were to busy i had to use the self service computer, talked to a lady "looked" like a manager she asked the casheir to take my order but then i heard how she told her to keep sending people to the computer! Managers are rude and not well dressed
The outside seating area is nice and really like the new drink machine
This a fantastic  McDonalds. I get coffee here several times a day. ALWAYS friendly.
"best breakfast in all of carolina forest, fast friendly and efficient

hot fresh food all the time and southern hospitality is free"
I work around this area and have stopped here a handful of times, every time I've waited at least 10-15mins and cashier's are rude. I will go out of my way to not stop here again
I love how you can order ahead on the app and still go in the Drive-Thru and they start it right when you get there
I love the place. Plenty of food choices and the place is huge.
Best McDonald's I've ever been too. Customize your favorite meals. Fresh delicious food and friendly staff who check in with your dinning experience. Much recommended to McDonald's lovers
Waited at the register with one person in front of me for about 20 minutes without one employee even acknowledging our presence.  I left and went to Dennys
Best ever
I   ve been to McDonald ½ï
Be first in line but  I really like this McDonald's. You have to order at the machine kiosk thing then yeah it's legit definitely busy at certain times but fresh food though
Peach smoothie was not good. I let a coworker try it also and she confirmed it tasted extra artificial. Tea is always on point!
As designed... This McDonald's was just like all the others!  
These kiosks messed up my order. I   ve been waiting 40 minutes for chicken n
Store still looks new!!! Nice area for the family with children!! Food was great, and service was outstanding!!! Thank you Kathy for taking care of my big order!!!!
As usual, McDonald's didn't have ice cream, but I figured hey if there is snow outside what's the likelyhood their machine has been through enough use that it would not be working, but to no avail there was no ice cream to be had  ½
Service is slower than molasses in January. Also, the order stations did not print a receipt and when I went to claim my food, they wouldn ½
"Mario - glasses, dark hair. What an irresponsible manager. Left everything to manager Stephanie whilst he disregarded customers. Food missing from orders, another customer (young teenager ) spoken to like dirt by a female member of staff.
I tried to complain about Mario who did not respond appropriately (couldn't be bothered to make any verbal response) but had to wait forever for Stephanie as she was putting out fires all over the restaurant. You could not pay me to work with Mario or the newly appointed manager who was called to speak with me  but never came over despite eye contact and him making a grumpy sound(young, black guy who was more into showing off in front of the young female staff than treating any woman with respect).
What ever the main manager, Stephanie is being paid isn't enough. I saw her run, rule, command the show in a way that got the job done. She was gracious with all customers whilst her staff were ignorant gits."
Waited 45 minutes for 2 drink cups, and then the ice machine was broken.
Got nuggets and fries. Asked for barbeque and ketchup for the fries. Got no barbeque or ketchup, good thing we went to the big mcdonalds, enjoying dry nuggets now. At least the food was hot.
Will not make it with current management
45minute wait for food and a rubber over cooked chicken burger...very inconsistent with McDonalds standards
Omg..Timothy is the best..He handle all orders very professional...He is a great leader..He was very polite..I just love his spirit. We definitely need more Timothy's...
$5 for a 10 count of nuggets...?  Fries tasted like metal.  Change out the oil! Ugh!
Service was slow. It took a long time to get food. My friends waited a long time for their food
Big maC
Kept trying to give me the wrong items did not speak very good English. Food was hot though when finally got right stuff.
I dont know if the staff is lacked in education that they dont know how to count or lacked common sense on how to multi task...but orders came out in a wrong order an i did not get 10 nuggets lol but the dining area was nice and clean...
Took an hour and a half to get food but friendly staff.
Epic McDonald's on International dr. Is lacking customer service.  Had the coupon for free Happy Meal from Visit Florida.  They didn't want to give it to us because we downloaded from site and printed not from tourist booklet.  Then said it was not actually for a happy meal.  Just drink, fries, and burger/nuggets. " No box, toy, yoghurt or toy"  even though the coupon stated "HAPPY MEAL"  no small print.  Girl at drive thru wasn't nice.  Prices at epic McDonald's are quite a bit higher than the other locations and no $1,2,3 menu
In almost all McDonald's I have been going have self order post. The bad news is when the machine freezes up you have to go at front and ask for help right? No help you need to l look ace the order again.
Very nice and relaxed atmosphere, good food.. Seating outside is so nice and pretty.. Excellent experience, will go back..
Place to small. Lot of people not enough seating. Workers are great and have A LOT stress. Place pretty clean considering all the people.
Helpful staff and tasty food. Top McDonald's.
Since this place has been remodeled, it looks fabulous, andI love the food. My favorite is the McDonald's Mc series. They are truly orginial foods. Sometimes you may get a person who is rude and messes up your order, but that rarely happens
Fries were very cold children's burgers were creased as if once wrapped they were smashed with something service wasn't terrible but food put out was.
Slow service and attendents don't acknowledge customers....I ate there multiple times since it was close to where I was saying and could get a quick bite to eat, but it was slow
New Cashier kid was pretty lost and messed up our order completely, But the manager on duty was awesome and handled everything to make it right.
I went to McDonald's and the service was friendly and brisk. We got our food and were amazed that after all these years, the food is still awful and our bag was missing a sandwich. The missing sandwich was the highlight of our meal
Terrible experience. Came this morning at 4:28am, no egg whites, no scrambled eggs for big breakfast. Long story short.. waited almost 25 minutes to get the order. Unacceptable
Wait time of over 30min, and then they had the order completely wrong after repeating the entire order again at the pay window. Not fun after a long day of travel and you are just looking for the normalcy of a dang McDs!!
Pathetic. we placed 4 orders. all 4 were incorrect. not busy and utter chaos. ONE PLACE TO AVOID. .   needs a good manager to control things.
Well organized, I came at a busy time on Saturday morning used, the ordering kiosk with a coupon to go, and left in 10 minutes.
I waited 58 minutes to get my order SMHFSTS they need help.
"It literally took my boyfriend an hour and 13 minutes to receive our food. (two meals)
I get it,  things happen and it's one thing to be understaffed, but maybe corporate needs to step in to save this location.
We won't be back"
Worst drive thru times. Waited like 20mins to get my order. This is not the first time either. I gave them the benefit of the doubt and it happen again tonight.
This McDonald's is supposed to be the biggest in the world 2 floors with indoor climbing frame and games room the place itself is very spacious clean and tidy fast service friendly staff also provides a good selection of pasta salads and fruit for those non meat eaters
Very busy location but the costumer service was great. They brought us the food to our table which was great.
associates would not help me,  they expect everyone knows hows to use the ordering kiosks.  then after ordering , associate did not know how to count change back to me, I had to do it for her.
Went here in a lyft on my way to hotel from airport. they were out of ice cream and fries.
They can't handle a lot of customer. Waited 10 minutes for my order outside
This McDonald's did a great job with no contact mobile orders. Orders correct every time, speedy, and great service.
"I had a nearly $50 order with tons of customizations. They got it 100% right which is rare for a mcds.

Food was great and the family didn't throw
a fit because their food was incorrect. ï¿½ï"
So, they can ring you up at the counter but you have to order through those machines? Ugh. Place smells like disinfectant and bleach, charges tourist prices.
It was good for being buzzy employees actually brought your order to your table when it was ready it was really packed but well managed
For fast food taste,  it's the same as every mcdonalds. But this location uses newer tech that allows you to put your order in with out talking to a person.
Love it very quick service very help people
The workers were unfriendly and ignored our needs:  two cups for pop and ketchup with our fries. Seating is mostly hard and not comfortable.  We might not return to the McDonald's!!
Regular McDonald's but the point that you ban get pizza an pasta made it a bit more interesting
Great place to go and have you're entire order screwed up. Then have them tell you there's no milkshakes after you pay for one meanwhile they give the lady beside you one
Largest Mcdonalds i have ever been in. I did not like the fact it was all automated
Fries were cold and burger seemed very old. And we ordered at 1am you think the food would of been fresh
Great, crew was funny and food was perfect. They never let me down and I'll continue coming here for this crew is amazing
Fine in the morning, go at night and the staff were terrible,  rude, unhelpful, lots of food not available,  I really thought the lady serving us was on some sort of go slow medication,  if we hadn't already paid for the food and the kids were moaning that were hungry, the server would have been wearing the food!!!!
"Everything  was cooked perfectly,  and the Service was very good!
We enjoyed our breakfast  ½ï¿½"
The worst McDonald   s and cust
Im pretty sure that this is still the largest McDonald's in the world. Three stories and a menu that rivals many other restaurants. Large selection of desrts and other foods as well. Its more like a " theme" restaurant. Pizza and pasta plus so much more with a McDonald's theme and of course the normal Mickey D's menu is included.
"Wait time for food ridiculous.
15mins to make a qtr pounder no cheese meal."
Very clean MacDonalds. Great grew. However MacDonalds needs to make french fries like they use to. They've lost their loving feeling on quality.
Friendly and fast service, but could use a little help in the cleaning department.  The rest rooms were in need of attendance...not once, but on a couple of occasions.
THE SLOWEST AND TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE. Definitely not coming back!
The food is good just like you expect from a Mcdonalds staff was nice and delivery was fast
Slooooooooowest McDonald's I've ever been to.  Seriously we waited in the drivethru for probably 10 minutes for a happy meal and some chicken nuggets- and, no, they were not fresh as they were old and cool to touch.
Fast ,fresh, great service...
New order and pay yourself stations and table top delivery services have snazzed up this Mickey Ds!
Service was very slow. Managers did not work with urgency to get orders out on time while people waited 20 minutes for their orders
Bad customer service and nasty attitude got my order wrong and didnt want to gove my money back and cheated me out of my money
Not bad at all just crowded
Soon they will just use 3D printers to make what they call food. It can't be cheese they use and nothing fresh ever. I would pass and feed your kids anything else .
Horrible place didn ½
Was under staffed, long wait, order was gotten wrong
This was the Orlando location by Aquatica.  Much better than NY locations in my opinion. Everything was fresh. Employees were super nice.
It's McD's! I always stop in the drive thru for either of my favorites a quarter pounder meal, bisque egg and sausage meal or a mocha cappuccino! They're usually always busy, but fast.
It's 11:55 p.m. and it says that this place is open 24 hours & ITS NOT OPEN!! PLEASE UPDATE YOUR HOURS ONLINE
Best mcdonalds ive been to in a long time. Fast service, the good ketchup (some mcdonalds have that gross watery ketchup), and even BBQ sauce at the drink bar. Clean and polite staff. Im loving it! :)
I went to use the bathroom while I was there and it was utterly nasty. What else would you expect from McDonald's
One of the best interiors I found for any branch. Didn't actually try the service but would expect the same.
All self ordering machines... food took forever to come out, drink machine didn't work
Order was wrong, fries were stale and cold, typical mcdonalds service
Lacking of employees, the service take long
No vegeterian options
Slow, got the order wrong, and placement looked a bit dirty on the inside. The food was good however.
Manager stops doing uber eats after 4am so he wasted my time and gas that I wont be getting back. Don't do eats here you'll be disappointed
They seem to make an extra effort to get my order correct every time. Great location!
The line was extremely long and the menu was extremely limited. How could they not have coffee...
The food is great and they have excellent service for a cheap price.I personally think that their french fries and burgers taste better than Outbacks and its even cheaper than Outback.
I liked all the smiles welcoming me. But I was in rush and had to watch the slow motion speed of service.
Very busy place  big place the place was clean 10 plus
Very clean and friendly service..especially the cashier Patricia
Horrible service with the new order menu's. Even the employee does know how to use it. Takes too long and is very confusing
Came for dine in service apparently last one of the night since I got locked in, food was you know McDonald's, the terrible management is quite apparent at this place, if there is another option do not come here
This has to be the slowest place ever they never have half of what is on the menu and they are rude
Visited with the kids we decided to go on mc drive, after we got on our turn after 5min of waiting nobody answered and we left to check what is happening as inside was some kind of restauration, full of staff doing nothing we left.
It was a great McDonalds. We used it as a meeting spot before. We used it to change clothes after the storm. It was just a great place to meet eat and greet.
Terrible customer services ,food is not good at all, I ordered a ice mocha latte they gave to me black coffee.... I was waiting 25 minutes for my food. 
Very modern place, super fast service via the electronic kiosks with little fuss but the place was quiet so might be more chaotic during busy times as there are only a couple of kiosks to order food from
All I had was fries this one time and they were hot and fresh oh and also there sprite is to die for.
Sucked, biscuits were old and hard, not going back
Worst ever.   At drive through waiting for sandwiches and they moved us to next window.   Meanwhile five cars behind us have meals
They need more staff members. they prioritize the drive thru customera and ignore the walking
Very nice McDonald's friendly and hard working employees and clean restaurant We had breakfast,pasta and burgers was freshly made and the pasta was so good Family oriented atmosphere One of the best McDonald's Its very good place for  tourist
Fancy Fancy New McDonald's,  easy ordering, Fast to recived, very Clean, a very Helpful staff. For Sure I'll go back. : ) happy customer.
one of the worst McDonald's I have ever been to. bun was so stale I am surprised I didn't break a tooth.
Food was warm by the time it was delivered.  Staff walking with orders like they have all day.
Visiting Orlando for a convention and I ended up going to this McDonald's and I got my order fast and it was correct. The facility was also very clean which was nice.
Food was bad, service was bad. It was a complete cluster
Back in Orlando again, and drove thru for a quick bite. Service was slow but the food came out hot and well cooked.
This location always has fast service and REALLY FRESH food!  Good job!  This is really hard to find these days.
Literally just waited 15 minutes at the drive thru and no one came on to ask for my order. I was the third person leave without someone taking their order.
Really clean place, good food and great customer service. Timothy (manager) and his team are doing a awesome job!
Staff and management were helpful and friendly. Service was prompt. Only negative was very little English spoken there, this is a tourist destination, Orlando!!!
It is clean and sharp but the service is slow and the staff, while seemingly interested in caring they truly don't.
You have to order right and it was fresh early morning always great
Worst experience at a McDonalds ever. Manager didn't even bother to acknowledge my order was wrong. To be the "biggest McDonald's in the world" it sure lacks decent customer service.
Waitied in line for 15 minutes and then when we got to the speaker for them to take our order, no one took our order but the other speaker they look 5 people's orders.
Mickey D's is always the same so it kind of depends on the restaurant site, and this one was a little dirty but the food was good
This is still the premiere fast food restaurant with outstanding service, clean restaurant, and fantastic food choices. The southwest salad was a pleasant change for lunch.
They screwed up my order, but fixed it quick. Very friendly service. Self order machines.
No sweet tea at night. Apparently after 8pm no one can make it, even though its Orlando and open extra late.
The whopper is great there 
Adopting the kiosks eliminated any chance for interaction with a person. The lack of counter and lobby staff makes for a customers helping customers.  Several people gave up on kiosks and left .Expecting robots in the kitchen next time .  The lobby and bathrooms are clean.
Service was not good. Drive thru was very busy...
Horrible Service Just Horrible ... Long wait and food cold fries taste old .. it was just all bad
They have the slowest people and dumbest people working there . They never get the orders correct , there's always a big fight with the local trash inside the play area with the parents not watching their kids and too busy trying to get a hook up . They need to retrain everyone that works there .
Hey, it's a McDonald's, whattaya expect? Has digital ordering kiosks - that actually work - so there is that. In a neighborhood full of tourist traps, some reliability is a plus.
Stylish and clean McD with a great service. Order at counter, self service or app get it delivered to your table / car. I am loving it ;-)
The worst of the worst, they weren't hice, they have a lot of troubles one day not soda, another day they have a lot of customers, in Argentina Mac Donalds are so superior in that situaciones.
I had the salad there and it was quite nice. The place was clean and the service was quite fast despite being full.
This is the slowest McDonalds in Florida and after the long wait your food is still wrong
Worst experience at this store the employee are sleeping instead serving up will never eat at this place .
McDonald's is a burger that if you are hungry it is great. Other wise it's a burger that can get you through the need for food. Not my favorite burger but it works when there is a need.  
Very friendly staff
Prices high and mcgriddle sandwich fit in palm of hand. Not worth money.
No complaints. Pleased with fast customer service and order was correct
Tried the new crispy chicken sandwich and it was burnt and ice cold. I ½ï
Drive-thru and curb side pick up service is so unreliable at this location, which seems to always have long wait times.
Staff is horrible. Waiting on an order that had to be placed 3 times now sitting waiting in the line while customers behind me get their food... This place is trash and your employees are worse.
Good for breakfast until you order scramble eggs...they dont seem to get it right but they make sure to charge you for that special order.
good service MUST REALLY OPEN THE INSIDE DINING the people walking the driveway is NOT Safe AVOID an accident
Nice McDonald's, kiosks for ordering and delivery to tables if dining in.  Familiar with no bun burgers, served on breakfast platter with fork without any confusion or questions.
The food was correct and warm, but 30 minutes in the drive through was not expected.
Busy. Got our food pretty quickly late at night. Self order kiosks were not working which would have helped.
a few days ago i ordered 3 big mac meal, i got charged for an extra drink, i tried to call them but no answer, today went back to get some burgers for my kids and mentioned that i got charged a extra drink, the manager was Rude, she said I need to see the receipt.
Took my kids again and of course they loved it!!!
Probably the worst customer service of any McDonalds in the Metro Orlando area. Honestly, they should shut it down. Horribly slow and inefficient and they just don't care.
By far.... The absolute worst run Mcdonalds I've ever been too... And I travel all over. Staff is rude and could care less about weather or not your food is even slightly warm.... AVOID!!!!!
Wanted to shut down and leave over 20 cars in the drive thru and not say a word!!!
Terrible service! Ordered from the kiosk and didn't get food for 30 mins, not even drink cups! When I finally got my food it was cold and missing part of my order! Won't stop here again!
They won   t take anym
This mic Donald's was pretty fast compared to some of the other ones.
The line is super long, wait time horrendous, but the ppl that worked there are pretty kool  ½ï¿½
Love me some Mickey Dees!
As always, the drive through screwed it up.  Don't even know why they have it if you have to go inside to get it right.
OK, Ordered 7 drinks and 2-10 pc chicken nuggets. Fast food nothing else to be said
Very fast service employees nice and overall a pleasing look not the best of the best but it's good for fast meals
Stopped in and witnessed an employee use the bathroom and not wash her hands then return to the back. After that we decided to not order food there. Disgusting!
Fast service at 2 am, and they actually got my order correct, this is a first for any McDonald's and an A+ in my book
Drive through was twenty minutes of no movement. Went inside and no one at the front counter. Typical experience.
I go to this McDonald's that is farther from my house because of the good service.
10/11/2021 12:45am location is closed. Staff member stated location is no longer 24 hours due to no staff.
It's way better than Jacksonville McDonald
Is so modern, team are amazing and good people. They know how to a classy fast food lol. I really like it
Bad food. Bad service. Very slow. 20+ minutes to get order after paying.
What happened to the medium sided cups? Why are they so small?
Their hamburgers just get smaller and smaller and smaller. I remember when a big Mac was a real hamburger.
Very quick McDonald's. Surprised us . We weren't the IBS convention 2022
Terrible service, if they don   t w
Even with me using the screen computer to place my order they still get the order wrong wow really
My Nuggets Came Back Covered In Mustard When I Said I wanted mayonais the manaigs they tried giving me was disguting when i ate it and trhen the mustard got on my arm
No ice cream machines again. Always broken and right next to many hot theme parks where people want ice cream with lunch.
Trash cans outside were over filled and garbage was all over the floor. At least the fries were hot!
Staff is friendly, great management,  fast service. I'm not a fan of McDonald's  but this location is great.
If u want ice cold fries at midnight even though the store says it   s open 24
The worst McDonald 
It was a good experience just like any other restaurant.  No problems at this particular establishment.
Nice place like always, the best fries ever. Very nice signature collection burgers. It ½ï¿
Burger was not fresh and the fries were horrible
Just fine.
The young woman who seemed to work the register window always brightens my morning
, this is the slowest McDs I've been at. Don't think about it if your in a hurry! 15 min to place order & we started at the entry doors.
Typical McDonald's ask for no pickles on the burgers and guess what we found dean pickles almost threw away but was too hungry and too far to comeback
What you expect from McDonald's. Fast meal, clean establishment, and reasonable pricing.
Sucks sucks sucks need more staff it took 45 mins to our food after we paid for it. Its supposed to fast food
Waited 48 minutes in line, and when it was my turn, they said they only take cash. They could have posted a sign somewhere. Awful.
Food was stale and cold. Tasted like they cooked the nuggets in the morning. Find another place for your fast food.
Service was horrible took so long order wrong . Dont go
Place is nice and clean. Soda machine is great. But service here is slow.
friendly staff, but we waited of 45 minutes for our food, which was mostly cold and had been sitting out the entire time we were there.
Clean, quick, and tastes like I expected McDonalds to taste like. FYI if you havent tried a  McDouble with Mac sauce you're not living life.
Very busy, but clean.  We ended up walking over from Hilton across the street.
2 fish sandwiches.  Made carefully and brought out to curbside.
Customer service was just poor and uninviting. Didn't really eat since just getting a drink but for a place next to hospitality centric services, I was surprised.
This was by far one of the worst McDonald's I've ever been too. It was so loud and the tables were very dirty. The restrooms were very smelly and trashed.
Super cute set to play area for kids
Worst McDonalds ever, they took forever, I stand in front of the counter like 8 minutes waiting for 2 sweet and sour sauce for my kids.
staff is great as most MCDs - however the pasta they just served is not good compared to an Olive Garden at same or infact lower price
Clean prompt and lovely old lady called Betty..(must be 80 and still working please don't be offended if you read this) you are a memorable lady and a credit
Yes, they DO HAVE sweet tea!
Unorganized. Plenty of staff but it still took 30 minutes to get our incomplete order
Typical long wait... Missing items... apathetic employees
Short of help and check your bag for accuracy.
I went during Hurricane Irma when there were not that many places to go and get food, yet McDonalds was able to serve fresh, hot food. I recommend going to this one!
Had a mac attack was good hot off grill per my request! Fries were not hot.
Touch screen menus were available for order. The employees were polite and the facility clean.
Food is typical for McDonald's. I decided to eat in but alarms were loud and constant the entire time I was there. Several people working and ignoring the various buzzers and chimes. This will keep me from returning.
The  manager is not professional.  If you want to eat in the restaurant you must do it outside in the heat, you cannot eat inside the restaurant
it   s mcdonaldï¿
Manger was rude. She got an attitude because I didnt want to order off the kiosk. I wouldnt recommend this place especially if you have children.
It's great when you order food everything is hot, McDonalds you have it going on over here
I received half my order. I went back for the other half and still so much wrong!! Then again what can I expect from mcds.
Quick, friendly, and fresh food. Great place for quick food.
Great McDonald's. Open late and food is great. Only thing is at night, the service is not very great nor are they attentive to people in the restaurant.
Drive thru employee extremely rude and told us we'd need to wait as long as she needed to take
They got my order wrong walked away with my debit card my food was cold.  They could not speak English.  Awful location
For such a busy establishment,  I got my food quickly and order was accurate
It was great service. A little unconformable when police pulled a homeless man out that was bothering no one
Friendly & helpful staff, fries were a little cold but service & speed was good.
No in or outdoor seating yet.  Drive thru or inside pick up of food only at this time. 
Ahkim, Thank you for your amazing service!!!! It was a lot going on and you didn 
Bad service, impolite associates. Sprite without taste, no napkins and they said they don't do refill right now! Attend this restaurant soon
The food was great and the sweet tea was the best as always
The place was great. Especially with it being AAU basketball game going on in the area.
Terrible.  Simply put, it's not worth your time to stop at this location.
The employees at this McDonald's are very nice and friendly, and the service is fast
Clean, fast and friendly service. The food... well, it;s McDonalds, so it's the same as any other McDonald, no surprise ;-)
Waited at the table for an egg McMuffin meal for 15 min.  It must be quicker if you order to go.  Sucks
they only take orders from one side of drive-thru
For the quality of food that McDonald's has it amazes me the cost of it?
Very..very slow.  Nice looking McDonald's but I won't go back to this one.
Well its McDonald's but given the Orlando location things did seem to be more on point and or fresh then the McDonalds I go to in st.pete! 
This one busy McDonald's. 1st visit was good. 2md visit they forgot some of my food. But it's friendly.
McDonald's has improved alot the food is ALWAYS HOT AND FRESH. I have no problem with any location
It was a convenient place to grab me something while on my way to a long ride home.
The young man behind the cashier had outstanding customer service.
The biggest most unorganized drive thru I've ever been too.
Ordered from kiosk. Food brought out to table. Good customer service!
Always quite slow service here. Food nice and hot though.
Ice cream machine is always down! It makes no sense it's Florida
The staff is the slowest I have ever seen and in addition is rude. McDonald's needs to take care of this restaurant!
Worst McDonald's I've ever been to. I tripped on the step on my way in and asked for a bandaid and there was no one who could help. Then when I personally asked for the first aid kit and the cashier asked if it was to purchase.... ???
Yes there was a wait, but from how busy they were and with all the rude customers complaining about all the small things I would say they did a fantastic job.
Clean, workers are nice but there was zero salt or flavor in the food today
...I've been in the drive thru for 15 minutes just for drinks....
Best one in Orlando. Lunch fries were terrible, but that's typical for most McDonald's for some reason.
The store so nasty plus I took so long for the food and the manager was not a good manager she talked back to customers and her store is not clean at all they don't have too many people work in she shouldn't be a manager here she should be fired
Mannnnnn I stg they done had a freaking food fight and I had to bike on a dingy behind bike this is ridiculous I need compensation or else ima slip and fall in this bihh  ½ï
Lines are long.even kiosk order took over an hour to get food.  Bought credits for games and didn't get card.
Waited 20 minutes for food. Unacceptable
To be honest, one of the best McDonald's. Good service, they're really fast and very friendly.
Enjoyed my visit here next to the hotel. Staff very helpful service was quick and friendly
Please stop frying your fries in beef and do it in vegetable oil like the rest of the world's McDonald's do! The food choice is literally nothing for people who don't eat meat.
Computers were not working, cash only a complete mess. Cashiers do not know how to operate without them.
Friendly staff
Very nice there! Food was great. Thank you.
The food was good and the place altogether was well kept and clean.
jet express great drivers and good price good timing
It says 24 hours but they were closed
Didn ½ï¿½ï
Clean and the facilty It's completly modern with good chairs and diferent kind of seat
Worst Mcdonalds ever. 20 minute in the drivethru. No cars in front of us.  Not even an apology for the delay. Skip thus Mcdonalds
Thank you Frontline hero's for keeping us fed and healthy. Stay safe!
Big place, lots of seating available. Has self service screens to order and pay and an employee takes your order to your table when ready.
Unfortunately the game room was under maintenance when I went
Drive thru open late. I've never had any bad food here.
No Hot n' Spicys? Employees are not there to assist customers.
Waited 1/2 hour for only a McFlurry. When it came it was wrong. Suppose to have Rolo's in it, but only had chunks of chocolate. I'll never use this McDonald's again.
Used these restaurants for a fast grab and go breakfast.food was good.
I hated this. You only could go through  the drive thru. We asked if we could get something and they said no . Then A guy walks up asked for something and They give it to him... wow .. this is utterly ridiculous.
Long lines and orders not as asked.
Always good for an affordable meal!
Customer service and food well cooked .
No inside orders,  we walked from our hotel and couldn't order
Super slow, inattentive to what you order ! Extreme wait time
The food here was very good abd the service was wonderful.
It's been about an hour and they are not making any food because the toaster is broken
Not fast food, actually it's slow food.
Really fast drive-tru; love the tird window... nice way to keep the flow going!
It's very clean and bright. Using the kiosk was fun and easy.
Delicious food and cheap after having a few drinks only thing is wait time is bad
It's ok to eat fast food everything is fresh hot and ready to go
Very friendly people clean restaurant live it up well food was great
Inconsistent customer service. Nothing really positive to report.
Very busy but also not very fast
Fantastic McDonalds the best in all Orlando. Staff brilliant always happy and efficient especially Miss Betty always smiling and helpful love this place!!
My credit card was stolen and used there at 430 in the morning and Manager was not helpful at all. From what I read this happens a lot here.
Employees in this McDonald's is very cordial they treat you very nice!
Very nice staff and a great service very quick too.
Busiest McDonald's ever.  Plan on 25-30 min to get food.
Perfect breakfast sandwich using McDonalds app for a deal.  Excellent service, food and location.
The only thing I don't like is how at night they will let you sit in the drive through and just ignore you. Oah well went to Burger King
Despite they  lost my mobile order  they got it together pretty quickly
Food was good . Staff a little slow . Free refills
Like most any McDonalds, pretty good service, should be a little cleaner and in better repair for 5 stars.
Writing this as I   m in the dr
Unfortunately, for a "fast food" restaurant that is in proximity to massive convention hotels, they were very slow and never seemed to be ready for the rush!
The fries were cold  the meat look like it been staying there very un happy
I   ve been to different McDonald   s before but this has to be the worst one so far, customer service is HORRIBLE and the manager is super rude (guy with c
Nobody is working. Cars lined up in the drive thru, not a soul around. Worst service ever.
It was great! They had computerized ordering stations and the staff brought you your food
Drive through has issue with distinguishing double and normal hamburger
Self service system simply does not work when main public is foreign people and kids.
Betty was fantastic. smiling and helping a hurricane worn parent with two active toddlers
So slow
Nicest McDonald's i ever went too keep up the good work
They were slow and unprepared unfortunately since this location is in a hotel district.
I ½ï
had a great salad, service was pretty good. It was very busy
Always have my order and it's modifications in a accurate and timely manner.
nothing worth noting positive or negative, really.  "meh" service meets some "freshly made" fast food
Didn't enjoy this visit. Girl that took my order was rude, as well as management.
Check your orders... The food was good once correct.
This is the only McDonald's in the Orlando area that continue to make McDonald's Southern sweet tea properly
Right across from where I was rooming. Took 20 mins to make a egg mcmuffin. Other food came out fast though
Fast service. Very clean. Dining open 24 hours. Lots of seating.
Terrible 30 minutes in drive thru . Drink was wrong and sandwich was wrong.
Very nice restraurant..there also installed self order kiosks... which was interesting ...
I waited for an hour forn2 happy meals, horrible service!
I give ya all a 1 because all McDonald's I went and ordered a cheeseburger thy never come with mayonnaise I couldn't eat it. I'm very disappointed I will be be back to ya all.
I don't McDonald's but this right here is something very different! Do u hear me? This is not the same food we get in Detroit I assure u
Super slow - in its defense, it was busy.
Although there were a lot confusion on the front desk, my order was served.
Food made wrong, little Spanish guy manager just stares at me won't even help. Took 15 minutes. If you can't handle food at night don't sell it.
Food was great and service was fast.
Ordered some fries along with some other food and thehe food was old and cold. I would never recommend this mcdonalds.
Typical fast food. Fries were great
Has improved in recent years more like the original all beef mcdonalds now with custom burgers
Nice Ambience. Clean, not so healthy. Good for Occasional quick bite
Service not what it should be. Too slow,  and the quality keeps dropping.
Great Tourist stop for a McD's.  Plenty of seating and its Open 24 hours!
Slow service, cold food, items missing from orders, unfriendly staff, worst Mcdonald experience ever.  
They have the horrible touch screens in the lobby. Quiet slow and inefficient.
"Located on International Dr, close to several hotels.
Quick service, the food is the usual. Clean washrooms."
If I go here daily, they will mess up my easy order 6 times out of 7
It's a McDonald's, what more can I say. It is though clean with some nice modern furniture. Nice to get a quick bite.
Service was good. Kids love their happy meal.
Takes forever just to get one item
40 minute wait just to get a Carmel sundae!
Is clean but they got confuse with big orders I went with a lot of kids
Bad, rude, usless stuff. Maybe not everybody but at least 3 ladies herd when i ask about help but no one helped me...
Was very friendly but slow slow service! Understandable though the lady who waited on me was about 96
Don't usually expect great service at a McDonald's, but this last visit was great.
Service was super slow, food was cold and the burger dry.
Stopped in for a quick snack when driving across the the state. Quick and friendly service.
Big breakfast excellent allways very  ½ï¿½
The worst people they dont even look at you when you talk to them specially manger pm today may 4 730 if she is having a bad day dont take it on others
Wow!!!! The food was great it really puts our version in the UK to shame. The staff were great also.
The double chezburger was great!!! Hot and fast service. Clean and busy place.
One of the largest McDonald's in the world, as it is "GI-NORMOUS". The food is hit or miss though, especially if you go through the drive-thru.
This has to be the worst McDonald's I've been to. They couldn't even give me a hot sandwich
Bad food, Elderly lady working there in the mornings is wonderful, shes the only reason I give 3 stars
It was okay even though I ordered a big Mac and the bottom bun was actually a middle bun.
Was warm inside. Eggs were weird. Great service, though.
They wasn't ready for our convention when you got 500 people out late at night don't think they aren't gonna want food!!
I starting not to trust the golden arch period but 90 seconds and fresh cookies issa yes for me #TreatsOnly
For a quick breakfast in the airport, this one cant be beat. Coffee here always better than Starbucks
Smooth and when you ask for well done, they deliver
Enjoy my coffee . Chair very comfortable table clean quiet nice atmosphere
Ordered at the kiosk and the food took over 30 minutes to recieve, terrible service. 1/5
The food takes a little to make but it's was good
Worst mcdonalds ive ever visited. I waited twenty minutes for two sausage cheese biscuits at 7am... TRASH
Pretty decent. 4 stars because of the insane lines and employees just standing around doing nothing.
It's another cookie cutter just like the rest. Good, polite service, with clean tables though.
Good environment, music. Food was ok. Looked like it sat for while.
"Always a good restaurant to eat at anytime  !
Mc'Di's as i use to cal it since the early 90's.
Sand Lake rd with Int'l dr"
The real coke tastes like diet coke. Please clean machines.
Valerie as a manager is excellent for her service and her staff, for being busy she still manage to help me with anything i needed.
Nice staff. An old Lady is working there for almost 7 years I am going there
Fast food is called such because you should get it fast, completely unacceptable to wait almost 30 minutes for BREAKFAST
The pizza was good and the pastas great , had a great time with the family , kid's love it.
Waited an hour for a 10-count meal. Not even joking. A literal hour. Don't go.
Store needs to be shutdown or a change in managers! Waited for an hour to 3 sandwiches without a I ½ï
Sux BIG D!!!! drive thru took 45 min for a qtr pnder ... Yes I'm a tourist, but dammm
Over priced based on location.  Bring your own food if you are traveling from out of town or try somewhere else.
Fries are not that straight, but the rest of the food is good.
The customer service is not really good....!  Need more Organized...!
2 stars for correct food but rude service smh
Worst drive thru ever. 45 minutes and counting. Do yourself a favor and skip this one.
Very nice place with screen electronic order and table serving option.
Ok but they forgot my bottom is bun on my fish sandwich.  I had to ride all the way back
They make a great egg and sausage McMuffin with orange juice
Fresh sandwiches and fries, but they forgot our sauces for our nuggies ï¿½ï¿½
They don't serve all-day breakfast here, but I'll be darned if it wasn't the best McChicken I ever ate.
Nice and clean, friendly, food somewhat hot. Dont like self order kiosk.
Don't buy the fries not good at all. Everything else was okay.
Slow service gave our food to someone else.
Very clean food was good and employees very nice.....
Table service!  Very nice decor, prepare to wait.  Very busy location.
The only coffee place open at 4:30am made for a quick drive thru visit.
That location is it going you can order yourself and take care of it very quickly
None of the table were clean takes long to order and when I do the order takes long and they forget something
archer road in gainesville, the worst of the service, bad treatment to the customers, they give you the hamburguer without meat, in the nights there is never soda, they never take the order correctly
Fast fresh best milkshakes hotnspicys and not only that great customer service
Friendly staff but the slowest service everytime i  go ots at least 15 min
Super slow service for a McDonald's.  15 min in the drive thru line and we were at the front of line.
Took forever, about 10 mins in drive through. No sense of urgency at all.
Worst McDonalds I have been to in 30 years because of horrible customer service. Left to go to another Mcdonalds at the other end of International just now at 11pm 3-30-2016
Fast !!! Clean!! And friendly ! Probably the best McDonald's I've been too  
Friendliest, hardest working and most pleasant staff of any McDonald's I've ever been to.
Quick late night service. Great staff. Hot fries and burger.
The service is not the best, but the food was good
The staff are rude when you ask to fix your order I come like 3 times a week and the Fry's are dry meat not cook one of the Haitian manager always being smart asking me if I don't like the way to cook them McDonald's 5 minutes away bad service
Dawg hurry tf up mannn I ½ï¿
I was on the way to work,  stopped for some coffee,  waited forever for someone to answer the intercom, got the wrong sandwich and mostly ice, iced coffee... smh
Deals here in the US are far better than at home. A nice, clean modern McDonald's.
Seriously the slowest mcd I've ever been to.
Refurbished recently and to a high standard , fresh hit food served to your table
"Always great
Good customer service
Good fast food"
Extremely slow. Food wrong. Did not feel like going back in to fix it.
What expected out of McDonald's would recommend
Small one inside Walmart,has a bit of a wait tho as not many staff and as you can imagine it's very busy!x
Fast and easy! Good parking options. Close to the convention center and hotels.
Lady at the desk had my order mixed up with someone else's order and even handed me a different receipt
Great place to have a reasonably priced meal when staying near or visiting the Orlando convention center.
Horrible service to if we hadn't paid would have drove off
No idea why they completely neglected the dining room, trash cans overflowing, trays of trash everywhere and all the condiments, napkins etc empty.
It was nice fast but a bit crowded and the bathrooms are clean  
Made a special request on my order. I had to repeat it three times because a staff member ignored it.
If you are at the convention center this is the place to go for a quick grab of food. The kiosks make it super easy
Was a nice McDonalds overall. The bathrooms could've been cleaner though.
I love this place one of my very favorite Asian restaurants
All was good,  no complaints was in and out food was good!
Took me 40 min to get a soggy milkshake and crunchy fries with MOBILE ordering.
Drive thru was so slow and no sauce given when asked and displayed on the screen
Awful staff was rude  and place was slow and dirty
Do not go here. Employees ignore you after you order and give you attitude when you request something behind the counter or when they forgot something on your order
One step slower in service they would go backwards. By the time you get your food it's already cold.
I had wonderful customer service! Will stop by again when I come back to town.....
Nice place
Grab n go foods, drive thru lines can be long, self order machines are available to cut down lines but the wait is still long inside
Drive through was congested and tourist mixed with locals makes the parking lot a war zone.
Filthy. Took 30 minutes to fill order. Everyone was waiting. Lines backed up. Order was wrong.
Food and staff was fine. Cleanliness was lacking a bit though.
Incompetent staff....girl taking order didn't know what she was doing...and the lady who brought food out was rude
Smooth AI Ordering and fast handling of the order.
Loved the food alot it was soooo good
0 Stars no spaghetti
Some lines depending at what time but food is good.
Long wait food was cold when brought to table and two attempts to get the right amout of cups
They forgot the ranch, they always forget the ranch.
Orders senior coffee at the new kiosk and it charges you $0.50 more for using it. Go directly to the cashier!
Service is Slow food Quality Bad Old.
They are NOT open 24hrs, despite what it says.
They offered no beverages. They were out of stock. Seriously.
Fast service but forgot my sauce. Check your bags people!
Slow. Manager Melissa not smart with cash register as other employees so sad. Waste of time.
Food was what you expect from McDonald's. Fifth star missing because the service pace was nonchalant. Location was clean.
My children love Mickie D's. Especially if it's clean with great personnel.
Cool big Mac, and cool fries.  Clean and modern, but food not so good, or hot.
Kiosk did not work properly. Had to wait in line with others to pay for meal. Only two cashiers during lunch rush?
Great service, went the extra mile without prompting.
Slow, lazy staff. At 6am there is hardly any business, yet waited for a breakfast for 15min
Nice and very clean store
The worst McDonald's ever no customer service long lines poor management horrible corporate McDonald's and also poor quality of food cold
The self ordering system was very confusing. I was given oldschool help to process my order.
Long wait at drive through but the order  correct
Great food and environment this location.
Never gets my order wrong
What a nightmare. Lost our order, gave it to someone else and then my iced coffee had no vanilla in it.  Ugh.
slow as hell
In and out service and most important food was hot and fresh
This is a very busy McDonald's there is some wait here even through the drive through
They actually me the meal that I ordered! Fast and friendly!
Hours are NOT accurate.
The food is amazing 10 out 0f 10 recomend it
Order of fries and a cup of coffee.  Ordered on app in the restaurant.  Took 20-25 minutes to receive
Friendly servers ,usual Macdonalds, probably better to visit this one as it's quieter than the main one on I - drive.
WiFi and air conditioning are both excellent, food not so much
30 min in drive thru and haven't even made it to the window to pay. Everything else close to hotel is closed.
Betty was fantastic!!! (Other staff were fab too) Choose this McDonald's over biggest Maccies every time
I will never never come back. Bad service! The waitress in red just ignored me when I ask her something.
Ok, I think someone should have been at the kiosk to help.  But I figured it out.  Thank God it wasn't busy
The slowest service i have seen at a McDonald's.
Cashier couldn't understand me and when asking about an item they had on the board, she said they didn't have that. No please, no thank you. Order was not quite right, as it often isn't. Nobody follows instructions. Please retrain staff.
Horrible  ½ï
Very bad
I thought it was good
Good 
Terrible
Terrible
Good 
Neutral
Terrible
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Terrible
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Poor 
Terrible
Excellent 
Terrible
Excellent 
Poor 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
I waited for an eternity, only to receive a completely wrong order, and the staff didn't even apologize.
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Terrible
Terrible
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Poor 
Excellent 
Terrible
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Terrible
Good 
Excellent 
Poor 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Terrible
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Good 
Neutral
The staff messed up my order not once, but twice, and the food was barely edible.
Poor 
Neutral
Neutral
Poor 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
The food was greasy and left me feeling sick, and the staff had a terrible attitude.
Excellent 
Neutral
Terrible
Neutral
Good 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Poor 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Poor 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Neutral
Neutral
Neutral
Poor 
Excellent 
Excellent 
The chicken sandwich had a strange smell, and the staff was dismissive when I brought it to their attention.
Good 
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Good 
Good 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Excellent 
The chicken nuggets were overly greasy and seemed like they were reheated, and the staff lacked basic customer service skills.
Good 
Neutral
Excellent 
Neutral
The staff was unprofessional and made inappropriate comments, while the food was tasteless and poorly prepared.
The milkshake was melted and watered down, and the staff seemed annoyed when I asked for a refund.
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
Neutral
Excellent 
Poor 
Excellent 
Excellent 
Good 
Excellent 
I found a hair in my fries, and when I brought it to the staff's attention, they were unapologetic and didn't offer any compensation.
Good 
Excellent 
"This location is near the city Zoo. It is beautifully themed with majestic animals. We enjoyed that they made the interior a learning environment. The service was good too, which was very refreshing.

This location features a play area as well. Our orders were correct. That is miraculous considering the multiple errors we normally see when placing fast food orders. We felt welcomed ï¿½ï¿"
The store was clean, my food was fresh, the lady that took my order was very nice and they had a big play area in the back.
Really enjoyed my breakfast     this morning     ½! Hot and fresh!! Not a long line at all. They were getting the orders in and out! I really appreciated the young lady at the counter. She made me a
Cold Fries, missing food, wrong food, and no receipt for proof of purchase. This location just opened not that long ago and lack of detail on orders given is already a huge problem. If you want good reviews then pay attention to the people ordering your food. I ran a McDonalds so I know what was not done and the leadership and crew members need work on actually doing what they are both taught and paid to do.
Since it re-opened, I go for breakfast about once a week. Literally have never had a better hashbrown at any McDonald's anywhere in the country -- its so perfectly crispy every time. My order has always been correct. The staff is super friendly and the wait is never long.
We usually always go before the zoo because it was cutely decorated to the zoo theme and the kids enjoy the experience. Service has always been meh but the atmosphere made up for it. Now it's just a boring, modern McDonald's with bleh service. The remodel was a mistake and if you're going to take away the only appealing part of the place at least make sure the service improves. Probably won't come back during our zoo trips anymore. ï¿½ï
The accuracy of my food when I revived it was where it went bad. Was missing 3 fries and 2 chicken sandwiches. Everything else was fine. Employees were pretty good and the place was very clean.
Very, very, very slow service, shame on this store it took 12 minutes to cook a quarter pounder when on the paper only takes about 4 minutes if you use the press 2 1/2 minutes . I worked in Boulder city Nevada as an assistant Mgr. And we had 2 minutes to get one order out and 1 minute special orders so I don't get it, but... On the other hand visit there if you are not in a hurry otherwise don't even try it, because Fast Food Restaurant IS NOT!
I received my take out spending $ 30.00 My fries were mix old fries     ½. My original chicken combo meat and bun was  burnt.  I try to call no answer. Couldn't return
We had a small birthday party for my 4 year old at the play place and they were more than accomadating. The area was clean and a worker came and helped us clean up after the fact without prompting. Super nice of them!
Unreal, this mcdonalds is garbage. It was cool when it had zoo themed but came back home to visit to find my favorite mcdonalds right off the highway near the new tarnished. Service is always lackluster at best and usually can be very messy inside since the remodel
"The McDonald's buy the zoo... pictures say it all.   Food and drinks spilled all over the floor and tables, trash overflowing.  Don't even go in the bathrooms... yikes!!!!  There wasn't a clean table in the whole place!

Everyone was hiding in the back so nobody to take our order for almost 7 minutes.   Had I walked around and noticed the mess, we would have left.

As I'm writing this, I noticed there is a wrapper glued to my shoe.   The only nice person was the homeless lady sitting in the corner.

Don't eat here unless you want to get Ebola"
HORRIBLE CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE. More than not, order is wrong in some way. Fries are always soggy.. just UGH!!!
Worst McDonald ever. The workers are really rude, don   t know how to work, take millions of year to prepare the food OR take your order and when you try to ask for basic things like drinks they treat you bad or ignore you. I waited for them to give me my coke for around 15 minutes and when they finally hand it to me, it was a Dr. pepper, guess what? I waited 10 minutes more for them to have the decency to
After visiting with a friend quite a distance from our home this past week, we stopped off at this McDonald   s location to get us a late night dinner. I really wanted an Oreo McFlurry and was willing to even settle for some fresh baked or classic McDonald character bag of cookies, but they said that their ice cream machine was down and they were completely out of any and all cookies (sad face). As we pulled away from the drive-thru and continued on our way to our final destination, we realized that they gave us the wrong order. We spent about $20, but only received maybe $5 worth of food. The lobby was closed, the line was long, and we were too tired to turn back. I tried calling this location more than 3 times and even submitted a complaint/help request via the McDonald   s app to try and get some sort of resolution to their mistake, yet I still have notignoring all of my attempts?
Loved this place...kids area was great....it was nice and cold inside...great after a hot day at the zoo...and food was ready fast even with our big order
The food would have been great if the tables weren't so nasty
Hey yo got that buy one get one for a buck. My 10 piece nuggets almost gone Bru.  Taking this Big Mac for a buck home Bru hahahahaha Psi-chopathicpeppamintpimpin
They have destroyed their animal themed building and now it's boring. Not worth going to anymore. Why are McDonald's creating such boring buildings? What a waste of money! It doesn't make sense. It's as if they are deliberately trying to lose money and encourage people to stay away.
Fantastic theme which is inspired by Dallas zoo and compliments the same .  Spacious and also have a great kids play area.  Crew are good .must visit when visiting the near by zoo .  Kids will love it . A refreshing unique look than other mc Donaldï¿½ï¿½
"1st time today I Asked for  cappuccino without sugar, they gave with sugar.
2nd time asked cappuccino, they mentioned that they are not able to do because of machine cleaning. Also most of people on the drive though window don ½ï"
The food was good
SLOW SLOW SLOW and the younger people there are so RUDE!!! New renovation but same slow workers and RUDENESS ...this past Saturday waited 15 min in drive thru and never placed an order we as many as 10 cars backed out and left
We bought food and drinks with the kids. After playing in the play place we tried to get refills on our sodas and were told they do not offer refills and we would have to buy another. There were no signs or anything stating such, and I've never seen another McDonald's telling people this, so I'm pretty sure the worker just lied to us.
Worst McDonald's ever, sat in the drive thru (2)  for over 10 minutes while the first drive thru the orders were being attended and the second drive thru was ignore, and I finally drove up to place the order and my order was wrong like always worst experience ever bad management.....
Person taking orders at drive thru was super rude and very unprofessional. Can   t believe workers are not getting trained to be professional. I think person was drugged up.
IM SO FREAKING UPSET. WHY WOULD YALL TAKE AWAY THE ZOO ANIMALS. RUINED MY CHILDHOOD. IM SO SAD, ACTUALLY SAD. I CANNOT BELIEVE YALL WOULD REPLACE SUCH A GLORIOUS FUN PLACE WITH SUCH A BORING BLOCK OF A BUILDING. R.I.P. MY HAPPINESS. HEART. SHATTERED.
I can't believe they took away all the amazing animals and put in a Modern Farmhouse McDonald's. The previous McDonald's was iconic. This new renovation just looks like every other new McDonald's, nothing unique about it.
I think I've always loved McDonald's and I really like what they have with the vanilla milkshake and I get to Becky McDonald's and sometimes in order of tater tots real good place real good food
It was just a random mcdonald's I stopped by it was fairly decent . Typical
BE AWARE : There was a MAN that looked weird. He asked me for money and my boyfriend for a cigarette then he wouldn't leave us ALONE until I said I was calling the cops!!!!The place is cool because of the decorations but  -1 The burger was greasy disgusting -2 French fries NOT fully cooked -3 One of the workers was not even wearing an hat -4 She messed up the order and behind me there was another Lady mad due to a wrong order
If you want to watch employee's fight and spend a half a hour waiting on fries and a Frappe this is the McDonalds for you. Service between 5 - 6 am horrible and the 10pm line is backed up onto Ewing Ave. Very Childish and unpleasant employee's.
horrible service I waited there for 10 minutes and they never attended me how horrible I will never come again
They or rude and order was wrong food was cold . When I ask for hot food the employee was upset and said she   s about to complain about her food your right because I paid my money for it yes and for her to be so rude no customer service at all who really over this place no one could just allow y
Extremely hot in play area even after renovation. Customer service not good, French fries are not fresh.
I visit this place often but after witnessing the tall guy in a manager uniform one day doing a drug exchange in the parking lot. would rather not bring my kids here to witness this type of thing.the owner should be ashamed of themselves for allowing drugs
The man that takes the order is great, he been there for 10-12 years! He's great!
I went inside with my kids and being that it's next to the zoo, the inside decor is made to look like we're at the zoo. My kids loved sitting at the table while we waited for our food.  The employees were friendly and the food came out in a reasonable amount of time. The restrooms were clean as well.  I recommend it. ï¿½ï
Newly removed.  You would think this place would be better.  Yuck it   s worse!!  My bread on my Big Mac was moldy and my chick
"I only buy 3 things from the menu...sausage muffin bundle and a sweet tea half sweet/half unsweetened.
They consistently make the best tea out of the 3-4 McDonald I frequent."
Its McDonalds... The place is remodelled. Gone are the Zoo themed life-sized animal replicas on thee inside. ï¿½ï
It's a McDonald's with a Zoo twist. If you are reading this review, you likely already know how the food tastes and what is on the menu. The key difference here is the great animal decorations on the outside. More importantly though is how efficient this location is. Every time I've been through I've seen a drive through 10 cars deep and watched them churn through everyone's orders in a matter of minutes. If only every drive through was this efficient.
I am changing my review from 1 star to 5 stars after my recent two visits (Mar. 2023). This McDonald's has gone through a major overhaul. Newly remodeled inside and out including employees.  Employees are very polite and welcoming even asked how my day was going and talked about the weather.  ½
Its ok. Thats all i can muster up to say about this particular one
Boycotting until McDonald   s corporate corrects the issue and brings all the animals back at this location. If they only knew that was why peopl
Normally every experience I   ve had at this location has gone smoothly but unfortunately this Sunday when my family and I arrived the employees weren   t in the best mood. Rushing thru my order and taking it in correctly missing items that were not even on my receipt had to get in line again. The staff very unwilling to help over hearing a conversation with another customer a Hispanic father and young daughter trying to pick up a order and knowing very little English the employee being rude and acting like she couldn   t understand. Just plain old being disrespectful that my husband had t
Apparently when ordering counter pickup after 9 or 10 they don't allow you to and gotta go through drive-through
Worst thing here at this location is ordering from the app an waiting for your order over 20 minutes now they need to get better service.
"The App let's you order breakfast and pay ahead, but when you show up and it's 10:03, their system won't let them complete your order.

The location is relatively good, the employees are always friend and fast.

But someone needs to pass along yo the corporate office/app devs and need to either decide to

1) prepare prepaid breakfast orders and have them ready before the 10:00 shut off, or

2) allow them to prepare my prepaid breakfast order 3 minutes after ""it's no longer breakfast time""

I do not want to eat a burger as my first meal of the day at 10:03 on the way to work."
Horrible costumer service the lady taking my order never even talked to me I even told her thank you after she had taken my order to be polite and she just turned around she filled the fries I didnt even care to complain but as u can tell from the picture I would have got more out of a small at most mcdonalds
The food was good but only 1 stall for going to the restroom
McDonald 
I can   t believe how rude this people isï¿½ï
Just finished a remodel and took all the zoo animals away very disappointed in that however was clean and service was great.
They had my food very fresh
Rude staff complaining about us sitting at a table. All because they don   t want to do their job. Should of 
Update. Placed an order at the counter. Attendant took my order, upon me handing her my cash I was told she didn't have all my change and would that be OK. I said no and left. Great scam Manager, round up, why not round down?
Used to be a fun place to go to but everything has changed
It's a macdonals.. so food is alright. It was clean and loved the jungle decor thats a nice touch. Only thing was the baby changing station the table opened outwards instead of longways like a regular one, and it was leaning toward. And with my 2o month old it was just a slide.
Gave me wrong order. She doesn ½ï¿½
"So, I got to this location frequently, despite hearing the horror stories about this location, because it is close to me. Well, tonight my order was messed up and they yelled at me about it.
First, I tell the person taking my order that I would like a Bacon Double Quarter Pounder w/ Cheese, Tea for the drink, make the combo a large. So, the first thing we have a discussion about is that he gave me an unsweetened tea on the screen. I tell him I would like a sweet tea for the drink, and he tells me that I ordered it wrong. I said, ""Well, normally when I come here, they default to sweet tea."" I said that because they usually do  He said, ""Nah! That's not how we do it. Then, he clears the entire order and puts in a Quarter Pounder with Cheese.

I tell him that I ordered a Bacon Double Quarter with Cheese, sweet tea, and make the combo a large. I saw that it was not right on the screen, but he repeated the order to me correctly.  I pulled around to pay for the order and waited on it to be served to me. I checked the order and told the person at the window that it was not a double. The person at the window talked to the person who took my order, and he came to the window and yelled, ""I MADE WHAT YOU ORDERED."" I told him that I said ""double"" several times when I ordered, 5 times to be exact. He person who took my order, who looked to be a manager, yelled at me, ""NO! IT WAS THE WAY YOU ORDERED IT. YOU ASKED FOR A SINGLE.""

I repeated that I asked for a Bacon Double Quarter with cheese and he started arguing with me about how to order sweet tea. He finally told me that he would make it order, but I did not trust him at this point, so I said that I was leaving and I would not be back.

This was an awful experience and I will not be back. I will also tell my friends and family to avoid this location despite that it has served our community over 10 years."
The young man wearing the black mask that said king on it taking orders today (12/5/21) during lunch was absolutely awesome !!  His Customer service was on point and he was extremely pleasant !  The food was correct all across the board and we couldnt have left any happier. He needs some sort of recognition for an awesome job well done ! He made the rest of the store look good today.
The Lady was a little rude over the speaker but face to face she was nice so I gave her a compliment regarding her hair.  But my order was right everything was not except the cinnamon roll that's why I only gave them 4 stars please warm up the cinnamon rolls
The employees,& staff,were friendly, and polite.
When this McDonald's first opened. OMG it was cool seeing the zoo theme. The animatronics made noise and moved. The service WAS excellent. But now it looks like a tourist trap. Some days you'll sit at the drive through line for a long time then get told to wait in a parking spot. Whoever owns this franchise should be proud of it and maintain it's quality that it had. As far as the food goes. Well it's McDonald's same as any other.
Never get my order correct always something missing !!!!!
Line is ridiculous. They need new and faster workers
Worst and slowest McDonald's I've ever been.
It's Only GOOD occasionally if I go in the morning their on point but lunch time is horrible they always forget part of my order or it's made wrong or my fries are too hard now usually I don't complain but all they do is send lil free meal cards but someone needs to know and correct the mistakes they know they can do better
Staff was very rude, not the one at the counter but the manager was yelling at me to come get our food. Me being pregnant and just visiting the zoo, I was letting my husband get the food after he was finished getting the kids drinks as the lady continuously yelled at me to get my food! Very unprofessional.
Order was correct, but drive thru took long
I didn't eat here but stopped to use the restroom on the way to DFW.   It seemed clean overall.  I enjoyed the jungle theme.  It was inmersive,  right down to "Lions" and "Lionesses" on the bathroom doors!  Somewhat of a weird location just off the freeway exit, lots of construction in the area when we stopped by.
Went to drive thru window at around 11:30 ish and employee with copper tone hair like was very rude and disrespectful I was gonna ask her a question about another order that I wanted added to my order and she rudely said no , when I get to th window I asked her if that was her that I was talking to she said yes talking about that there   s only two employees working mind u it   s customer service how hard can that be also wen I get my food and I get home I checked my food and it was spitt on my food , I understand that you guys ar understaffed but that is no way to give customer service I will be making sure that
Was blown away fast and fresh food was little bummed they took animals out
First I only added the 1 star because that's the only way to do a review     ½... I  had 4 drinks so full they were spilling through the lids.. the woman at the window saw it spilling and still passed while they were dripping... guessing she saw a look on my face... this woman looked me in my face and said it's just a little bit... and closed the window     ½... so I she came back to the window with half of my order... my son opened his cheese burger and looks like a arm hair... a eyebrow... or puuuuub (maybe    ½)... I asked for napkins she gave me sooo many napkins... I'm like you should've fix this before you gave it to me..  ½i. worst of the worst experience...     ½ï¿½
Great people fast not mess up your order real pros to. The manager asked if my order was right! He's was great nice polite and friendly.
Rudest night crew I've ever experienced. The boy they have acting as a manager is horrible and very unprofessional. All they do is blast rap music and play with each other and be rude to the customers.
"Night employees are stealing from customers, and probably the restaurant as well.
They short changed me twice on the same order, and claimed the receipt machine was ""not working"" when i asked for the receipt."
Food is always fresh and hot.
"The service was good. The young girl assisting me was polite.
Their playground is huge, and air conditioned. And its decorated nicely. We liked the tables with animals on them!!
My kids have been begging to come in here. They loved it."
"I could not eat the food from the zoo McDonald's so I gave the food to the cats outside...and the cats outside my house did not even take a wiff at it...idk?
Becarefull with the food up there in the Zoo McDonald's?"
I used to love McDonald's fries but not no more. You can't never really get anything fresh from McDonald's. I used to tell them could they make my McChicken now when they did it taste so much better. But everything is preheated or been waiting for you LOL
"They where not friendly. The girl at the drive through was on her phone and didnt give us change or receipt. Got to the 2nd window was handed our drinks and asked to pull in a spot. Waited at least 15 mins before anyone came out to our car. Asked what we ordered....and for our receipt ..which we didnt have....
Finally brought our food out and 2 burgers where wrong..."
Fast food drive through service was quick and courteous. Great! Dine-in was not available yet. I am looking forward to seeing the inside. Fun animal theme would be fun to enjoy with the kids after a day at the zoo.
My order was handed to someone else who IMMEDIATELY ATE MY FRIES! MGMT OFFERED TO REMAKE MY ORDER FRESH WHICH I AGREED. THE ORDER CAME OUT LESS THAN 30SECS LATER. I USED TO WORK FOR MC.Ds AND OTHER FF RESTAURANTS AND I KNEW THAT WASN'T RIGHT!! TRASHED THE FOOD.SMDH!!!0
They actually have a play area which most McDonald's don't anymore.  We also loved the animals inside and outside
New staff provide a fresh experience. The food is always fresh and in it's proportioned correctness. A large french fry will have more fries than a medium size. Imagine that. " I am loving it".
This McDonald's is right by my house and really the only reason I continue to go. Service is excellent but I'm missing something from my order every single time I go. Having to go thru the hassle of getting out and going inside really defeats the purpose of going through the drive thru
Just avoid. This was by far the worst experience I've ever had with a McDonald's. I feel like you have to be trying to be terrible to be as bad as this location. There are other McDonald's close by, don't bother with this place.
The best looking McDonald's I have ever visited. Located near the zoo. Friendly staff and fast service.
Was good service, would've been better if we wasn't walking around a homeless person passed out on the sidewalk was strange for sure
"DO NOT ORDER FROM THIS MCDONALDS.
I ORDERED 4 MEALS THROUGH UBER EATS
AND ALL I GOT WAS THE BURGERS
NO FRIES
NO SAUCES
NO DRINKS!!!!
I EVEN ORDERED A MCFLURRY.
ALL I GOT WAS BURGERS."
The staff works super hard, but the zoo/location deters from it shining. Keep the great job up, day staff. The night staff needs to brush up.
Why remove the animals??.. This remodel looks cold & uninviting.. Horrible
Food was definitely not even close to being fresh "ish"and the location, although you'd think is convenient after visiting the zoo ... It's a wreck waiting to happen if you try to drive in to their location.
Friendly management and staff. Ready to make sure you are satisfied with your order.
Cute place to bring the kids. Never seen a McDonalds like this one
The employees were very friendly. Our order was correct. The food was hot and fresh. The tables were clean. My kids were happy.  Thanks for a great lunch!
Love the French fries. The coffee drinks are great! Excellent place for small children. They do have healthy good for the kiddos. Fun place to play. Many treasured memories with my little grandson. (He's 20 now!)
Who idea was it to destroy the famous zoo McDonalds ??? I hope revenue sales go down the drain.
My kids love going to this McDonald!!! It   s a zoo McDonald ½ï¿½ï¿
Super friendly staff which is so different when it comes to Mc Donald staff. Every time I go there they seem so happy to be at work and serve. So refreshing. Plus the morning staff manager is so on point and the staff really reflect them well.
It would be nice if the play place was open again but it's not so that was disappointing. It's clean, employees are nice, got my order right.
I went there this afternoon with my almost 3 year old. The food was fast, made right the first time and was good. The staff was wonderful and the restaurant was clean and the animals were amazing. I could not compliment this place anymore. If we lived here we would go here a lot.
Although they kept forgetting stuff,the ladies were nice and quick with our food. Super upbeat,love the environment!
In drive through at 10:58 AM- tried ordering lunch. I was told they couldn't take my order. I told them I'd just wait 2 minutes... LIke the car ahead of me that took 5 minutes to order. No big deal right? Nope manager comes out and yells at me to move/pull around she didn't care... I just had to move. 1 car was behind me still ordering. Would have thought I was blocking a fire escape or something. By the time I actually got through the drive through (due to cars ahead of me) it was 11:01AM... Really smart move guys. I'll happily take my business elsewhere. No longer stopping by after zoo trips with the kids.
Food was good and fresh
Had a great time the  family here .  Very friendly environment  and the food qas great
I haven't been to McDonald's in years and I was surprised how good it was. I have the southwest salad and it was great. I don't know if I would go back for another few years, but I was pleasantly surprised. Also the staff here was super sweet with my little girl to ask to trade in her toy from her happy meal.
I work five minutes away from this store, so I go there all the time. Everytime I go there's a problem. This time my bun was so hard. The bottom bun. There's always something wrong. I worked for this same company for a lot of years,(swing manager). It's crazy. I've only got good service once or twice there.
Did not know that at this mc Donald u have to wait 30 min to get your dam order wat happen to fast food when you went and left 10 min later its crazy
"Hot fresh fries and the frosty machine is up and working  after 9 pm? I know, it's unheard of right? Well I had a really great experience at this location. Staff was professional and pleasant and the food is yum!
Thank you everyone."
The staffs were wonderful,  but the dining area was cramped.   Too many table and chair in a tiny place.  Especially for Covid season.
This is an American classic serving up hot and fresh fast food favorites. I like this location because the people are always nice, and the service is always fast. This is really good if you have a short lunch break and need to make the most of your time.
Worse Mcdonalds I   ve been to! Took forever with my order even though it was super slow (2 cars in drive-thru), parking lot is full of trash, we ate in parking lot and I went inside for a refill on my drink and they said they don 
I've been going there for many years as they are close to where I live. They are consistently decent. They usually get it right, it's normally fairly fresh...it is McDonald's so... They do make a darned good cup of coffee, which is what brings me back usually. I generally think of coffee when I think of Mickey D's.
Worst people ever. The girls were being rude for no reason. The zoo theme outside is very nice but the customer service was the worst. We asked a question and she slammed the window on us
Wow!!  Today I went through the drive thru.  The cashier freaked out when I presented a discount coupon.   The cashier told me the receipt printer was out of paper.  When I pulled forward to the food pickup window.  I informed them and requested my receipt.  It turns out the cashier was lying just hiding the fact I was charge double on my credit card.  I waited 7 additional minutes for my tiny order to be prepared.  I brought to their attention about the overcharge.  They said to call and they will take care of it over the phone.  I have been calling the entire day.  No answer.
Awful experience. It was 10:15 and I needed a sweet tea and nuggets. I order my tea in the drive through line. The line was pretty long. When I got to the window to pay the cashier with light brown eyes, said they could only take cash. I said, what!!! I have stayed in this line this long and no one said a word!! I said, for my inconvenience I would like to have the tea. She looked strange, and I said please let me speak to your manager. She spoke to someone, and the manager said no and wouldn't come to the window. AWFUL!!!
This was a good McD. They made a good product that wasn't smashed in a bag and thrown out the window. They actually salted the fries, that's a lost art anymore. And the girl at the window was sweet and full of smiles. Obviously a happy crew does better work.
Not the best McDonald's I've been too. First off, it could have been cleaner, they needed to sweep the floors. Second, the staff weren't the friendliest. I went up to the register and the man just said not yet. Never greeted me or give me a reason. Then I waited like 10 mins then a lady took my order, she was a bit nicer. Then waited another 10 mins for my food to come. I get being busy but at least be a bit friendlier or tell me theres gonna be a wait
I   ve used the drive through only. Service is great. I love the outd
Very fast friendly service
Zari was absolutely incompetent! We specifically ordered 4 meals to be placed in 4 separate bags during the first stage of ordering (as they were for 4 people). When we requested this again at her window, she rolled her eyes, huffed, and began changing them out. She also gave me 3 Cokes and 1 diet Coke (for the diabetic in the group). They didn't mark the diet Coke so she told us that it was the wrong one! Luckily there was no need for a hospital visit due to her total lack of concern for safety and health!
Always something with this location. Either system down, only cash or sometimes no respond on the drive thru at nights
Well what can I say I use to work mc Donalds and their custermer  service  was great I went to drive through  tonight no one help me on the speaker so I drove  to the window the cashier tell no that will need to go back in line and order again that he could get my order at the window I was in line for good 10 15 mn then I go to  the window to talk to manger nothing and he just left to the back and ignored  the custermer in the front he was asking for him to get him something  he did not get any help he left I drove up then he was not there at all with a big line I went back to the drive thru and well to oder then he tel their is no ice scream so I get inline again for nothing had to stay in line until they served every one in front and again no one in the windows to help  but just the some  need to ck cause I have it all in video  I will posting it on line to she how horrible  custermer service  Mc Donald's  have compare to Chick-fil-A  they don't come close of the quality  and custermer service they have and people need to start speaking about  Mc how not only tge drive thru people wait for 20 to 30 mn some all the pollution but that's another story I hope this makes some ck this out
I like coming to this location the morning team is always kind & friendly...the night team has more younger team members some of them have great customer service..but the only thing that stopped me from rating 5 stars the point system I've had trouble several times adding my code to gain point for my purchase ...and reached out to McDonald's customer service and was told someone would contact me but that hasn't happened ï¿½ï¿½
Just bought the new adult happy meal for a little over 10 per meal!!! Way to expensive.
Didnt have the toys for happy meal that they had out in display, disappointing for 3 yr old. The jungle theme is cool esp for kids. Playground was clean and fun. Employees didnt seem to like their job, nor people.
"Went today after the zoo, it was a very bad experience to say the least.
We were given over seasoned  fries, one straw for three drinks, and the drinks were all bad.
I thought how do you mess up a drink?
It is my belief that this was attributed to the mistake that was made with coffee order wanted moca frap was given hot coffee.
She took all drinks back and brought tray back with correction.
It tasted like instead of coffee mixture it was blended with old filtered out deposits, I mean really sour.
The manager however corrected the moca and recooked fries.
When we left a second time I tasted the unsweetened tea and Coke... It was horrible foul I thought omg I almost served this to my kids!!
Will not ever return."
This is a wonderful wildlife themed location right next to the Dallas Zoo and perfect for bringing children for lunch before heading off to the zoo. The staff is always friendly here, the management is good and the restaurant is much cleaner and well run than most McDonald's in the area. Prices are typical of the food chain, service is fast and the food is usually above average for fast food. Can't go wrong here, especially with the kids. They will love it.
Doesn't deserve one star! Waited in line 30 minutes. When we finally ordered the girl couldn't get the order right after 3 attempts. When we got to the pay window, the girl was talking on her cell phone. When I asked her to repeat my order, she looked at me crazy. When we got our order it was disgusting. Soggy oily fries, burned chicken nuggets, water down soda ... plain disgusting. They need new management for sure!!! Someone please contact corporate!!!!!
Very nice fancy "CLEAN" restrooms, that's a plus! Very clean lobby area and nice play area for children, just no hooks on the restroom doors to hang our coat, jacket or purse. Overall it's a well managed McDonald's compared to others I seen. :) A-1 rating I also love the Dallas Zoo theme! It's a tourist attraction. Thank you McDonald's for your professionalism in management and customer service. (Please put restroom door hooks up for our coat, jacket, diaper bag and/or purse, thanks!)
These teenagers with bad customer service have the worst attitudes and are lazy. I bet the hiring manager is the same way considering her terrible hires. I wouldn   t give this place one star. The only good person I 
Fast service, maybe  a little too fast ..I  recommend you get them to repeat your order . Either they need better headphones or don't comprehend your order.
I ordered a 6 piece nuggets and 3 chocolate chip cookies I got my nuggets and had to wait 15 minutes for the cookies I had to call and let them know I was still waiting in reserve 1
I was disappointed that the play area was closed due to it being filthy and the speakers were blown so the animal noises were bursts of LOUD static.
I rate this place five stars cuz these guys do deserve it, the food was hot fresh and exciting still to this day! And yes I knw we all ate pretty much everything @ McDonald's, but these guys put there love into cause still to this day, I want another one... And no one has made my hamburger like you guys, and I really appreciate that. Thank you McDonald's, I'll be back! And shout out to the manager who helped me and my family that day. Thank you!
"Good people, The speakers or mic's are terrible
I have to fix my order at the window everytime I go here, makes me think they mess up my order in the end just out of spite that, they think I'm changing my order every time I go.

Dear Manager

FIX/ REPAIR or GET SOME NEW EQUIPMENT PLEASE"
Same ol" ready in 2 minutes food. Idk how they do it . But ramen needs to step up their game because it takes longer to cook noodles in the microwave . Great Job Mickey D's
My wife and I was going to this McDonald's for some morning when they had another crew. But here recently they changed the morning to a new crew(an old man, a young vanity lady at the drive through window that is very rude). This crew need to be removed. They never seemed to know how to work and prepare your order in a timely manner. This facility is also made where you can't just get out of line in the drive through which is very dangerous if a car stalls or a real emergency arrives. We will be skipping visiting the morning crew. Plz. change crew or train them better.
Would have have it a negative if possible. I have went to this location for the last time. Drive through you will sit at the speaker for 2 minutes before they even say anything to you but you can hear them talking/laughing/and cursing to each other. POOR MANAGEMENT. THEN, my order was wrong so I go inside to get a refund only to see my receipt had about 15 streks of ink on it nothing legible. SO I go inside and say I would like my money back and the manager just shrugs me off like it doesn't effect her. If you are going to the Dallas Zoo drive further and don't let this McDonald's ruin your day. TRUST ME.
Horrible place....rude employees, burnt fries, and fudge sundae had fudge all over top and outside of plastic top. .
McDonald's is McDonald's. Consistent menu/ food quality. What sepates this location from other's is decor and friendly staff that do a great job with order taking, getting it out quickly and keeping area clean. Besides the large play structure this location is an extension of the zoo experience with  models of a giraffe nibbling leaves from a tree containing a huge snake, a  touchable cheetah statue and chatterbox chimp. Great place to go with kids.
Well its very clean with good food.i recomend the number 6 mcgriddle
"Be careful with young children here! We had a women approach our booth and asked personal questions about my young niece while my brother was getting the food. We tried to dismiss her and did not answer her questions, but she just sat herself in our booth uninvited. We asked her to leave several times, because it was very uncomfortable. She just continued to sit and stare at my neice. We made it clear we were having a private lunch and would like her to leave.
Then the women's boyfriend called her back to his table, she left us and then they walked out shortly after.
Another patron approached us after the women left our table because she believed the women was planning to abduct my niece. She noticed the women staring at my niece and told us to be safe. When we left they were parked next to our truck as well. We will definitely not be going back there."
Dirty! Dirty! Dirty! We saw previous customers coming back to get their orders fixed. Every table in the play place was awful. (Ours had spilled milk). The employee took one trash can out but didn   t pick up the trays and didn   t clean up the busted bbq sauce on the floor. What was also bad was that we moved to another table and the floor was covered with napk
Terrible for getting rid of the zoo decor.
Good food nice place
I'm guessing that this location is a training hub or something. It seems like it's always some kind of trouble when it comes to order food show code on app for food pay and go. Sheesh     ½ï¿½ï¿½
"***Deserves No Stars What So Ever !***

This Place Is By Far The Worst! The drive threw lady  on 12/6/17 was absolutely rude! I came  to get some breakfast around 10:45 she continusly kept asking me"" is that it?"" I asked for a minute to see the menu. Then within a ""Second"" she asked if I was done with my order!  Sausage burritos had No Sausage. Orange Juice Cups Were Only Filled Half Way. Hash browns were cold ! By far the worst service ever! Your management needs to  work on their employees attitudes !"
Hey guys,  want a quick little pick me up for brunch? Order an apple pie , wait till you get home to heat it. Spread a little butter on it, pop it in microwave  for seconds . Top with  ice cream...don't for get coffee!...now that's a nice little something,  for a little bit of nothing...all at the Mac..
Passing through from a volleyball tournament.   Great tasting food with friendly service.  Had bagel nice and hot with fresh hashbrowns.  Definitely recommend if hungry and needing to feed a family fast on budget.
Well it might have been ok, if I was not rushing, but I still stayed for my items. For this to be McDonald's, they should know that it's busier during certain hours then others..there were soo many ppl in line, the average person would have turn right back around n walked out.
The service could be better they always forget to give you condiments and napkins. Even after you've ask. Then soon as you drive away.  You have to come back and go inside and explain that you were lied to.
Awesome, super nice staff!! We stopped by every Mc to get the BTS meal. Only this place has the special paper bag!! Even the BTS pic!!! Thank you so much.
I liked it cause its right by the zoo and my daughter loves to play but the staff there can be a bit abrasive after a zoo event like the Halloween trick or treat event they we understaffed and ran out of a flavor of soda and large drinks and I payed for a large but only got a medium they should have just made the fries large but the guy running the register seemed kinda new
I love going to this McDonalds by the Dallas Zoo cause they have these animals that make noise and look like a jungle in there. Today we were there around 7pm and the cashier and the manager were so nice to us and they even talked to my kids and made sure that we got everything we asked for. The only thing I didn't like was that for the happy meals for my kids they got the same toy and it was a girl toy, I have a girl and a boy so my son got a girl toy. I know why McDonald's do this but it's not the employees fault.
The employees are very rude one of them snatched a bag out of my boyfriends hands because they messed up our order and when we complained to the manager she laughed and did nothing about it. I would expect better seeing is how it ½ï¿½ï
They are remodeling it and it won't look cool anymore  ½ï¿½ï¿½
Their icecream machine was broke. They didnt have any toys for the happymeals. The tables were disgusting. And I counldnt understand the cashier. Plus she was using 2 registers at once!!!!! If i could give negative stars i would!
A couple years ago at 5 am I went here pregnant and got an egg mcmuffin when i got home to eat it and go to bed it was dripping with grease. Today i ordered a 20piece chicken nuggets and 3 large fries they were all served fresh and i only waited a few minutes.
This mc donalds is very slow and the employees are rude and always have an attitude when you ask to get your order fresh . I always count on this mc donalds not to mess up with my order but they ALWAYS do . Also they tell you to wait on the 1 or 2 waiting spot but never come out with your food . Today i ordered chicken nuggets and asked for them to be fresh , they were ok until i noticed that the chicken was BLACK inside one of the nuggets . Maybe was black inside of more of them and i didnt notice . I have picture proof as well . This mc donalds is just trash .
Stopped in late around 1am but received good service, area  around drive thru was clean despite age of building and outdated signage for the play place but received order and the team member even placed an extra sauce I requested at the window in a separate bag instead of trying to shove 5 in my hand like most do.
Neatest McDonald's I've ever been to (except maybe one in Roswell, NM), the jungle zoo theme is awesome. Food was good, service was great. Even gave us a free drink, very kind.
Worst experience ever. I pay for large fries and only fill it half way. I said if I want a medium I'll pay for a medium. Now fill this up or give me my money back. Service is just the worst I've seen. I really recommend people to not go there. Waste of time and will leave you with a headache
Very Disappointed, 40 minutes to get my food due to short of staff per shift leader. No manager to get my money refunded. I've waited in the drive-thru. No apology whatsoever from that shift leader.  Will call coporate office myself.  My order was all screwed up.
I buy my drinks there. The Management staff there does not have a problem giving me honey with my coffee. The Managers and their staff are always asking their patrons is everything ok and will address small problems with a smile , even the homeless. Not like the rude manager that I have reported twice on (Robert B Cullom 75215 in South dallas) and I never heared anything back from McDonald about that !!!! As she stated they are only going to redirect you back to me . Since I haven't heard anything back Im going on Social Media about that manager in the South Dallas McDonald's
This McDonald's is by the Dallas zoo.  Kids were hungry after the Christmas lights at night event at the zoo.   Went there and found it alright. Service was relative quick but the store itself was quite dirty. Play place looked like it hasn't been wiped, and most likely haven't been sanitized. Bathrooms needed fixing and also dirty.  Hope management can quickly fix since parents want to come by for it's convenient location next to the zoo
"The drive thru took forever and it was 10p!! The young attendant felt the need to chat with the car in front of me for a full 7 mins. Doesn't sound ridiculous until you're sitting there watching it with a full line of impatient cars behind you. Then when I pulled up the kid realized he never handed back the guy's credit card, and started laughing about it. His co-worker was shaking her head saying ""it was cuz you got distracted talking to him about guns for so long"" ...
To add insult to injury, I got my food, I had to remind the kid about my drinks that I ordered, I left, and my food was cold and my order was wrong."
If you like a lively staff who can make you smile and have a good laugh this is the McDonald for you.  They were very pleasant and funny.
We really like this Mc Donalds. It's special because of its jungle theme.  But lately the staff has been on the rude side.
A worker called MY order number so obviously I'm gonna grab it. It didn't even occur to me to look at the tray the only thing I noticed was that I was missing a coffee so I set the tray on the table and on my way back I see the manager yelling at my family about how WE grabbed the wrong order and see at first we tried being cool about it. She said she was taking back the extra food and we said that was fine so then she starts grabbing the food we ordered and says we weren't charged for that, after an interesting conversation we establish that my receipt clearly said I was charged. Ten minutes later they've manned to give two BIG orders but haven't managed to give me a bacon egg mcgriddle. So eventually I get the burger and as the manager hands it to me she's telling a worker she gave us 8 hash browns. I obviously heard her and said "no ma'am, we got 4" this same manager then has the audacity to say we already ate them. At this point I'm pissed. I've been accused of not paying for my part of the food, I'm hungry, I've waited way too long, the manager has an attitude, AND she's a accusing my family of eating 4 hash browns in less than a minute. NEVER eating at this McDonald's again. Especially with a manager like that.
I eat at this McDonalds at least 4 times a week. Never again. The service is always questionable and the drive thru order is screwed up as often as not. Had to wait at drive-thru order 5 full minutes before giving my order. That's at the speaker, not in line. Was told (rather rudely) to wait several times. When given the order, the server practically threw the bag at me and disappeared. When I got to work, I found I had to eat my hotcakes with no plasticware, no syrup or butter and not even a napkin. Calls placed to the store went unanswered. Poor service all around.
Burgers are always flat. Good for on the road food. I sure do miss the dollar menus tho. And they charge for mayo if you add it but not if you get packets.. humm
Worst experience ever!! They closed the lobby early!! Then the manager found out people were still coming in and started yelling!! The nice officer apologized for her attitude and gave us complimentary drinks for patiently waiting for our burger. She needs to go over a customer service training again or find another job!!
9/3/18 @ 1:50pm I came by McDonalds today and I went through the drive through the girl that takes your order did not even bother to Greet me and take my order she was just talking so much I guess she did not know she was gossiping and knew we can hear her but she was saying the most rudest things through speaker, it seems like she was talking to another employer. I kept saying helloo hellooo helloo and did not even bother to stop talking. Then when I pulled up to the first window the one that was so rude was the one that has a ring in her nose she is african american she did not even bother to repeat my order and did not offer to give me receipt. There was another girl next to her biting off her Acrylic Nails and was falling all over the table where the order computer were at SO DISGUSTING! I used to work here things have changed and these ghetto girls are so RUDE! At the pick up window that lady was so sweet she had a smile and greated us well.
I am really surprised that McDonald   s refused service for food at 4:00 am when we were starving and reached there for food. The lady at the dr
Their ubereats need to be more attention to detail n packed nice not just thrown in always missing something i asked for bought the big breakfast meal and got sent no silverware no syrup nothing like Damn how am i going to eat this i even put a note in the app to add napkins and condiment n still can't receive it what's the point of leaving a note if no one reads it I've order different times and never fail to disappoint me
Terrible service. 2 minutes off breakfast and wouldn't serve us anything. They had bad service took 20 minutes to get through drive through. Not fast food and quality was the worst mcdonald's I've ever had
Fancy Mcdonalds.  Zoo theme nice.  Everybody friendly. Had a hard working young man named Nathan.  He was doing everything. Working hard.  All over the restaurant.  Just wanted to let him know somebody noticed.
Busy place but the people who served us were friendly and polite. More expensive than other McDonald's I visit. I am guessing this is because it is near the Dallas Zoo.
DO NOT EAT AT THIS MCDONALD'S TILL THEY BRING THE ANIMALS BACK!!!!!!
"Staff was great, but cook are trash...
How can you screw up a simple burger? when you don't care that's how..."
We were ordering what it was on the manu a d they said they didn't have anything. That the breakfast  was over but all they had was the breakfast menu. Lol they forgot to change the menu on screen.
My order is always wrong. I was making my order in the drive through she ask me what I wanted to drink when I answer she we have no soda.smh
Very unique McDonald's. They have all sorts of animal statues around that make random noises while you eat. The play place is unique and the outside of the place has so many cool photo opportunities. The food is typical McDonald's.
Horrible service, I'm just done with McDonald's. I tried a few different locations and apparently none of them can offer a friendly service i will just take my money somewhere else.
The tiger     was out and 
Disgusting food and terrible service. If your ever in the area make sure to right past this place. Dont even look it's way. You will get sick if you eat this garbage and I mean in the worse way. I wouldn't feed this stuff to animals. I wouldnt eat this stuff if I was starving. Horrible end of story
Very nice place, it is decorated as Zoo kind of theme inside, Kids love to dine-in
They forgot what people order.... I order 5 ice cream and they just give me one n they say that is everything.... Them i show them the receipt n i had to wait 10 more minutes for the order 4 cones they dont napkins.......
The employees cannot count for nothing. On top of that the coffee tasted like cardboard it's very obvious they do not clean their machines. Disgusting store.
It's the perfect place to finish a long day at the Dallas Zoo. This animal themed McDonald's has a very large play ground area and plenty of tables and seats to watch the kids while they play. The food and service was adequate although the bathroom could have been a a little cleaner. All in all, it's different enough and the kids liked it enough that we will likely come back after our next visit to the Dallas Zoo.
Good food. I waited 15 minutes for one bacon cheeseburger. The store is very sloppy it look like a hurricane came through. They were understaffed. I deserve a free meal for that experience.
Kids loved the zoo theme, especially after just leaving the zoo.Order was wrong,but friendly customer service
My family and I get to this McDonald's we are shocked it looked so nice from the outside and they have the jungle themed play house. I ask if they have an outlet so that I may charge my laptop and phone and no. The Wi-Fi here is not even strong enough. I could not complete my homework.  Bummed out.  Not the best as usual.
Great food great staff....I stop there several times each week for breakfast and the food always arrives fast/ fresh/delicious and the staff always remembers me. Highly Highly Recommend this location!
My 3yo granddaughter loved this place. The play land is well designed with plenty of room for active exercise and the larger than life zoo animal motif delighted her.
The customer service is just not what it used to be. There is no Welcome to McDonalds just how can i help. I ended up payimg for someone elses order. At 1st i thought it was more but it was 20 cents less. I'm glad i only go there for drinks.
The service was alful everyone working the front was either on there phone or joking around. They got my order wrong twice. New management is needed and a whole new crew to go with it.
Stopped to grab some food and go to the restroom. RESTROOM WAS SO nasty ,with wet stuff all over the floor, no toilet paper and toilets were nasty.We walked out of the restroom, I told hubby no tissue paper .He said let's go this whole place is nasty. Trash can was overflowing around the floor ,all tables dirty and and no jungle sounds coming from the animals .. Disgusting.  THEY only had 2 families sitting in  the dinning room and 2 families in line ..
Wonderful place especially for kids... The staff is friendly and helpful. The food is always fresh and the location is clean. Wonderful to eat inside especially after a visit at the zoo...
No matter how many cars are in line they get you through pretty fast. when I got to the window I wanted to get an extra order of fries and they told me they couldn't sell them to me.
I was just at the drive thru, my son wanted some breakfast number 13 and the girl just kept on saying, no maam, no maam, what the hell you mean no maam.....well she said that is not a breakfast,  uuuhhhhh yes it is, well she decided to tell me to wait, well I'm already mad because she doesn't tell me why can't I get it and to top it of she's taking her time, I just told her to forget it and she says, well ok,,,,,I had to stop at the window and ask her what she meant, ,,,oh lord ....she talked to me like I'm stupid or dumb,,,,,she's like well we only have that...and points to a sign on the window with the all day breakfast menu, if she would of explain that through the speaker. ...I wouldn't be complaining now, so I told her she should of explained that to me, she told me "oh well", si ,  left, and  here I am at Jack in the box enjoying breakfast with my boys,,,,no issues and great customer service. .....one thing for sure I will be doing, is telling my family and friends not to go there,,,,,,
I have placed 3 orders from here and have been waiting 4 hours for my food. They refused to contact me or Uber. They just turn the drivers away and don   t even cancel the orders. You canï¿½ï¿½ï
So today.. 11-4-18 about 4:30 am. I stop at this McDonald's by the dallas zoo i order a bacon egg and cheese biscuit and a large drink, i get to the window and she says 8$ and some change,     i say FOR WHAT???  SHE SAY you ordered the combo, right.? I say NO JUST THE DRINK AND THE BISCUIT SANDWICH... SHE SAY ok..... And then she charge me 4$ and some change... So WTH was she charging me for.. She even say YEAH THOSE COMBOS ARE EXPENSIVE!! WITH A SE
"You can't pay me to eat there. I heard about that food online. Try the meat at home
and french fries leave it out for two weeks and it never turn bad. What the hell is in that food. Everything look good...ain't good for you."
I only eat breakfast here now, but when I get my hot caramel, its a hit or miss. Sometimes its perfect, days taste like dirty water but they will correct it.
Even though my receipt was two days ago they still have me what I was missing out of my order instead of declining
This is a nice and efficient MDs.  We use the app, get any sandwich for $1.  They let us do multiple transactions and we save a ton.  Great location,  clean and courteous.
Today June 22, 2017 at 21:05 aka 8:25 my order was taking in drive thru I ask for Double chesse burger with no oins and no pickles with large sweet tea extra ice add lemon. So my drink had no extra ice or lemon and frys I drive home to eat my food which I stay 22 mints away from store it by my school... I get hone to open my bag to have only receive Hot & Spicey and no Fry's which was not my order and young lady at both windows ready my order back. I have called the store 8 times to speak with manager and nobody has pick up the phone
Quick service especially if you have the app. Drive thru line was crazy long but i always pick up. No lines no long wait good job staff
Manager at this establishment is very disrespectful and doesn't want to do her job. Do to the fact of this the line was held up for over 30 minutes. Wouldn't recommend this McDonald's to anyone
This location needs serious rehabbing. Only drive thru service. The line was wrapped around building and onto the street. My food was cold fries old n refried burned...smh... NEVA AGAIN
Let me put it this way... GETTO. Most of the employees are on the phone and acting like they are at the park. Need to be more Profesional and get this place more clean. Frys taste like old oil. Macdonald fix this place please! The place is nice just need to work on your employees.
I want to add a small fry at the window after I ordered at the speaker n the black lady   refused to add, and I'm asking for the manager and she said I can't  because you ordered is ready... she was black and  without uniform how the MANAGER  come to the window n tell me she can't... 05/25/19 in the  afternoon
McDonalds is great! It is a sure thing. You know you what to expect. Today I was surprised! A new burger caught my eye. It is a Spain inspired burger. I was hesitant about buy in it. This was new and well it could be great or ruin my lunch BUT I took a chance aaand!!! Oh my goodness!!! It was sooooooooo yummy! I mean it was so yummy that I hardly touched my delicious fries! Well, my normal favorite is the quarter pounder with cheese .... today it was that Spain inspired burger. I guess it was the cheese or the sauce(normally I don't like sauces on my burger) but I don't know if it was the combination of bacon, the different cheeses or what, but it was soooo good. Yum I will have to come back to this McDonalds. I don't think they sell this burger in just any McDonalds, I think it has to be in one of the safari themed ones. Anyway it was really good! It made my day! I was happy the rest of my meetings and sessions. Normally it would be boring but hey my tummy was cheerful and so was I.
Put the animals back on the building
I frequently visit this McDonald's and I'm never disappointed which I know isn't saying alot but these days normal as advertised service is a hard to come by thing.
I had to get out of the rain and service was really quick.
Had great service last night fast and friendly with fresh food
I   ve been going here my whole life no ½ï¿½ï
The ice cream is the best. But the Hamburgs are to small and the frys the make are the best as long as there Hot
They are really good people that work at this McDonald's they go out of their way to help. The place is very clean and we'll run
The people work there very friendly. Simply i love it
They still remodeling. But good food
I like that it is animal theme and has a playground but the cashiers are rude and they can't get your order right so they get mad when you tell them you are missing something. Also they are dirty.
"Stopped by for a quick grab on my way home.
Got my burger wrong but the drive through line was too long so I feed it to the birds. (10:30pm)"
Everything was good during oiut visit.   The staff was friendly and the service was prompt.    The food was hot and fresh.  This is where we go after our visits to the Dallas Zoo!
Horrible, First my nephews cheeseburger, The bun was to hard to cut through then the burger patty was old. I know bad buns and burgers, Ive worked at a McDonald's. Second was my Mcflurry, I ordered the oreo Mcflurry. She put the oreos on the top and didnt mix then in and when i asked her to mix it. She said "We dont do that." BUT THE MCFLURRY MACHINE WAS BEHIND HER?!? Then she rolled her eyes at me! NEVER GOING HER AGAIN! HORRIBLE SERVICE! HORRIBLE FOOD!
Fries were hot and fresh not soggy at all. Actually had to wait a few moments before inhaling them as to not incinerate my tongue and mouth
Worst experience ever. Customer service is the worst in this location. The staff working 6/16/19 at 3:00am is the worst. The messed up the orders and didn ½ï¿½
I was just there this morning; to order a couple meals to go ; the word is TO GO right? Okay so we order and tell me why my food was wrong and I didn't get my iced coffee ?And when the cashier asked if it were for here or to go; I said to go. Hmm they always mess up orders and nevertheless get them right; the floors are always sticky and dirty as well some tables no where to really sit. Bad to come here
"I went this week end with my kids the indoor play ground smells like a mens gym
the temperature was warm inside there for the activity needs to be cooler. The outside ketchup dispensers don't work and the servers get upset when you ask for more ketchup or sauces. If I order a 20pc chicken nugget and 4 med fries I will need more than 2 bbq sauce and 4 packages of ketchup. Plus a Vagrant was hitting people up for money inside the restaurant. Not going back ever again you guys need to clean up that place"
Food was okay not hot but warm. It could be better
Excellent customer service and well prepared food.  Drive-thru staff were professional and friendly. I even had eye contact and a smile!  This is how it's done!
I had to ask for every single little thing.  Ie: napkins,  catsup,  spoons for the sundays,  peanuts,  extra peanuts. My receipt. Clearly she didn't want to be at work.  SMH. 0 RATING.
Pretty awesome and reasonably priced  too really like the any size drink for a dollar.Reminded me a lot like (Chi) town' own very well liked & famous for the best hamburger by far south side White Castles hamburgers
Did not provide a receipt and didn't give us the chocolate milk in happy meal! Rude service. Shame on this location  
Terrible food and terrible service. While waiting at the window someone started yelling at the employee in which he stopped to yell back and call her a bit** and tell her that someone named bebe won't be in till 5. Highly inappropriate and I felt I should have drove off which would have been the better decision. No one should ever go here and they should rethink the staff
Doesn't deserve a single star. My burger was slopply made and half sticking out of the box. Way to much pepper poured on the chicken and gave us a drink instead of a shake that I ordered. By far the worse mcdonalds in Texas area. Would never come back and rather drive out of Dallas to order my food at another Mcdonalds.
Every time I come here they never get the order right, and if they do they never give the correct sauce. It don ½ï¿½
They did not have the 100+ flavors coke machine
Probably the worst McDonald ½ï
Clean fast accurate and most importantly friendly. I take a few extra minutes to go out of my way to eat at this location.
"gregory is amazing & this place has good
service ! got my order in less than 3 minutes"
I received my order as ordered 
Apart from restroom being to cold on a cold day the place looks nice. Awesome animal displays.
The people from the night shift they are so very rude ! I pass tru last nite and i try to buy a burger the manager told me on the speaker i em not ready yet  WTF , it was only me on the drive tru , the i wen araund and she was talking to her boyfriend on a black chalenger selling drugs and smoking weed they sell DRUGS TRU THE NITE OMG !!!!
Horrible customer service. I ordered waited 5 min at the window and ask me 3 time what my order was. Then was told to pull up and waited 8 more min and  no one came out. So I went inside and they forgot about my order.
Awful. Just awful. 1030 at night, waited 20 minutes in drive through, finally got to window (after being harassed by homeless people) and told manager I didn't think I should have to pay for food after waiting 20 minutes. All I got was a bunch of children that gave me grief. Unacceptable.
Over priced for the quality of food and the customer service is poor.  Hire a diverse quality trained staff and the company should get better Customer Service
order was wrong, but staff made it right and free burgers and fries
They didn't have items that were on the menu and the food we got was not the normal quality.
Son loved his happy meal this is the zoo McDonald's it is great it has fake animals and animal pictures everywhere
I came there with a fiend and we were told a price for our total, and after I arrived at the window the lady charged me another $5 dollars. Really? I did pay them, but come on.
Best McDonald's in Dallas! Great way to continue the zoo fun after walking around the Dallas Zoo all day. Kids always have a blast in the clean play area.
Bread a little too dry/stale, but the service was so wack by supervisor. Cashiers were great though.
Always great to go there but they need to work on giving food or right to there customers several cases of not handing me the right stuff
Disappointed it took 20 minutes to get through the drive-thru
Their customer service was better then most McDonald's here in the dallas area. Very clean and the floor plans is like the zoo alot of animals trees .... Loved it
They were remodeling it and only the drive through was open. Line went fast and food was nice and hot.
Food was hot! Still got homeless people begging for money not for food. And why are not the staff wearing gloves handling the food back there.?
Fast, fresh hot food, staff is friendly.
Would be slightly better if they paid more attention when you order. Still pretty ok if you like the sounds of the zoo to follow you to lunch.
Theme has been removed...
Leave Don   t Sp
A mess all trash overflowing cashier more worried about who didn't come to work . I expected better from this md,s by the zoo. Clean up people.
There is a new zoo animal added to the front can you guess what it is....the service was gr8 and not a long wait!
Took a very long time to get our mobile order but our order was correct. Which was great.
Interesting McDonald's like the animal theme nice place to bring the kids
Mgr used great CS skills after another customer recieved my order. She was awesome under pressure..
Horrible .. received a cheese burger with literally 7 slices of cheese on it. When we came back to change it we sat in the drive thru for 5 minutes while the cashier talked to her friend in the drive thru.
Cashier and staff made us feel very unwelcome. Unfriendly staff. Very rude and disrespectful. Needless to say, we didnt stay.
I had to wait 15 minutes for a Happy Meal and Mc Chicken sandwich. The person bringing your order had  no mask on.
They just put the fries back in the oil so you think there.fresh and fries didnt even had salt also the fries had alot of oil and the meat was not fresh the buns were hard   I try to call back and they never answer the phone these happen in the night shift
Cancelled my order today due to the fact this location doesn't serve water. Cancelled my family's order. How can I wash this greasy food down if cant even buy water here. Blows my mind
Service is needing improvement.... car's backed uP in drive thru  
The service was outstanding and I enjoyed being there.
"All order was correct and made quickly. Ordered #4 chicken sandwich.   Fries were burned.

Staff friendly- busy stop."
The phone still taste good but the services gotten pretty slow I love all the inside playgrounds for the kids on these hot days
Always quick to get you served . One of my favorites.
Same as Jack in the Box, they mess up your order because they can't hear out of those stupid headsets, then there's another charge, & more wait time. ½ï¿½
This place customer service is TRASSSSSH throw the whole McDonald's away NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! By the way I HAD TO ADD A ï¿½ï
A must be place after you visit the zoo. Have an ice cream and drink soda here with kids and enjoy the background animal sound and decorations.
These people are slow as hell. I waited for 20 minutes for some yogurt. 20 minutes!! Don't come here until they hire better people
Fast Food that taste good...not very clean with alot of cosmetic repairs needed...also not one single Anglo American working there? What's up with the image of diversity McDonalds is so proud of?
Kids love McDonald's but when people making drug deals in the parking lot there is an issue.
The very poor and unsatisfactory customer service reflects the equally subpar food products being sold here. I pray to see the day this franchise leaves this earth like the black plague.
Past service has been good until recently went in stood for about three minutes at the counter while olga laughed and giggled it took a person from the back to ask me did I need help  and take my order and no it was not busy
Food was cold as their heart. And the classic, they forgot to add the barbecue!
I ordered a caramel machiatto and it tasted really spoiled. Last time I will be visiting here.
Until they do the upgrades at this store in this area just throw the whole store away.  The entire crew needs training just to fix a mocha coffee sad real sad.
You know not every fast food serves you with great service but this McDonalds do. Plus they offered speedy service
Very friendly staff
Great location.. next to Dallas Zoo entrance. Plenty of parking spaces.
No one should have to wait more than 20 minutes in a drive-thru lane at a fast food restaurant for their order.
The food was the right temperature. I was cared for with attentiveness. Very satisfied with the cleanliness of the restaurant.
Good service. Very nice people. Fast and affordable food. Thank you McDonald's$
Dirty,service so Slow,Only Odered a shake,friends ordered to eat here a very large order & it was served to go,Cashier rigging her nose,sniffiling
Fast and speedy drive thru. Happy and polite staff. Spicy chicken with extra sauce !
Poor customer service skills, consistently mess up orders. We drive 4 miles further to a better location more often than not.
First time having the chicken strips, they we're delicious.  Like them a lot better Rehn l than the nuggets.
"It was  very bad. In the wrong side of the neighborhood  .  Road was all messed up .
Employees were very dis respectful"
Able to purchase breakfast and or lunch/ dinner at 3 am which is a great convience. Wanted jack in the box but lots of cops and for three am options are great .
Can't even give it a star it was nazty service sucked too many things just going wrong all at once decided to go else where ooooh and who in the hell has a bday party at the McDonald's at the zoo really I know  ½ï¿½
There were no cars in front of me and it took over ten minutes for them to take my order. I would have left if I hadn't had a starving 5 year old with me.
Restaurant very dirty trashcans were full the whole hour I was there. No one even wiped down a table. Sad to see there is no pride in anything.
this is my second time going through drive thru in the same person gave me my food with an attitude if u do not like your job dont work. on 3-29-2019 07:30pm
Sausage McMuffin was good, very cute decor with all the animals both inside and out. Feels like your in a rain forest, or on a safari
I used to not have issues with the location I went to last night but in recent months they have been giving me the wrong order or not giving me my whole order amd when I went last night the night employees came off like they hated their job and didnt care about customers
Stopped here on a trip out of town. Very clean and fresh food compared to others I've been.
It's okay for kids it's close to the Dallas zoo and kids can eat at play area where they have all the jungle animals from the zoo they can play with and take pictures
Pretty quick service and food was hot. As good as It gets at McDonalds
We waited a really long time.  The order was accurate.
Excellent food and super friendly staff.
BRING BACK THE ANIMALS
A Mickey D's outside of the zoo? Brilliant! And then to have it zoo themed ... perfect, other than the shake sound scaring me while I ate.
Roaches in this place. They have totally let it get run down. Hope you enjoy your McRoaches
This location is clean, the counter people are friendly and efficient, and it ½ï¿½ï
They don't know the definition of costumer service.  Wrong order twice on 1 day.  They respond so rude . Horrible experience avoid this place
Don   t go to this McDonaldï¿½ï¿½ï
My fries were cold (thats all I ordered) and took 14 minutes.
The employees are incredibly friendly. I just need the customers to stop throwing their trash on the ground! Respect the Arches!!!
No wifi
Aviation museum is a wholesome place to visit . It ½ï¿½ï
Loved the timely service. Hot and fresh food items.
Good coffee....they didn't have the donut sticks I was craving for, that's why I gave them 4 stars
Customer service is bad, they were super slow. They did not complete my order and when I asked them for the rest of the stuff, no apology when they handed it to me.
I ordered small hot coffee the coffee was cold  this the second time different day I'm not going there no more also drive true is slowed  ½ï¿½ï
Short staff, the guy taking order must have been stupid, I  called out my order 3 ½ï¿½
It was dirty there were fly's and they got my order wrong. When I asked to get my right items they acted like I Was wasting their time. I switched to J n B now.
WHY DID THEY REMODEL THIS GEM
This version of McDonald's was pretty cool and the employees were very nice. They smiled alot.
"This manager tru me out.
Siad a was not welcome n his store just cus o told they need open at 5 am"
McDonald's salad grilled chicken with cabbage with carrots milk
Keke is the best i appreciate her great service kindness n patience. Young lady with a great future ahead. Thanks KEKE
Clean, keep the entrance door windows clean, polite to the customers,  always have my UBER orders ready for customers.
better than most.but the burger meat was cold fries was hot and good tho
Very good, pretty punctual, there's some issue with the ordering, ordering screen, and the timing of all of that.
I haven't been a McDonald's fan in a while but every time I come here the food is perfect!
I love this place..a great place to bring kids...n if u r in a hurry its the best place to stop,trust u wont be there long
Beware they walk away with to the back with your bank. They not suppose to do that. I went off on the cashier. I will be calling up there to speak with a manager
Worst place ever not be rude anything gay guy there so rude dont no his name he has go change that addituded am regular customer they do this i got large frise and i got half my frise only not even enough make large he really need switch it up    ï¿½ï
Noise of animals is scary. There should be warnings.. aside from the cheetah print booth seat decal. Beware.
We are relying on the workers to take the orders correctly.  Thanks for coffe with no cream or equal.
Worst McDonald's food ever. Mcchicken was so dried out I couldn't even eat it, the service was terrible and the guy at the window was rude and was cussing with employees while we were at the window. Smh
Went in late visiting from out of state thinking lobby was open since door was open and manager acted like we broke in and threatened to call cops if we didnt immedietly leave. Very rude
Just look at the design and those huge inside playground! You can order latte and apple slices and forgot about kids for half hour:)
Good place to eat at if you're on the go! I like the sausage & biscuit w/egg,and it's good.
Fresh food, been around forever- staff seems to have become better under new management A+ good/bad location- but over good place to eat!
Best food at best price.
Went to order something to go .. I get it that there   s a long line that ½
Its what you would think.  Staff was friendly and quick service.
Yes this McDonald's off of 35 and Ewing is the best their service is great and they're very fast I go there every morning to get a coffee and they're very fast I go there every morning to get a coffe
Depends on the worker that you get can either be really nice or really rude! What can you expect from McDonalds in oak cliff?!
Very good customer service near the Dallas zoo very pretty theme of animals
Best food nice worker. They work hard for there ppl.. thank u
Rude order taker's slow sss servers. Never get my orders right.
The shrip and salmon tacos was absolutely tasted. Great flavor
I saw them hand mixing a shake and my Mcflurry wasnt even mixed. Best thing here are the animal sculptures.
The manager named Amber was awesome! So was the crew!
Just a rude staff who seem to have a bad attitude.  Order was correct and fine just rude people.
By far one of the dirtiest McDonald's I've ever been to. 10 dirty tables the entire time we were there. No hand sanitizer...
Hard to describe.
No electric outlets to charge phones!!!!  This McDonald location is falling back hard. The staff have very poor work ethics. Tattoos and lack of respect are prominent here.
Over run with pan handlers and drug users. I didn't even feel safe in drive thru.
This McDonald's is very sometimy sometimes they get it perfect sometimes its horrible. Best in the area though ill give them that.
Fries were hard and cold tasted like they were from the bottom of the pan and nuggets were old and nasty. Never will go here again!
I wasn't in a hurry but the drive though was super fast. 2 mins if that long
Service was good, food was normal, play place was great, except the AC wasn't working.
Slow service and the food was wrong not once but twice. Complete waste of time and money
Very bad customer service, i didn't even get a thank you. They  made me way long time for my order
The food came out in okay amount of time for 3 a.m. But they added a chicken sandwich to my tab and forgot the cheese i added.
Food was terrible. My friend and I both threw up after a few bites.  Ordered a coke and got a dr pepper
Yea, I love your food, so many varieties,  like dollar menu's.
The line took for ever! 20 people in the kitchen and mo movement,  it was slow food! Not fast food!!!
I know its part of the Dallas zoo attraction but the past two times I took my two granddaughters it was packed inside and the play area was filthy the trash bins were flooded with trash tables were nasty and dirty to sit at luckily I take my disinfecting wipes to takeouts with me.
Lines are long but thats to be expexted. Frys were good and hot
They always get my order wrong, either they don't give me something ,or they give me the wrong thing.
Bad service. Very dirty. Bums are everywhere  begging for something. And did i mention very dirty? I'd go somewhere else next time.
Order was spot on and woman at drive thru window was awesome for it being Jan 1 at 330 am
I asked for a side of Big Mac sauce a did not receive any also I ask for large fries and got a small instead and to top if they assumed I spoke Spanish how rude!!
Fast service staff could be more courteous be these are hard times so all is well.
They was loud and had attudes and hanging all out the window my food was cold this was a bad place to eat at
Sign said dining room open, but doors were locked.
Service was bad waited a long time for my food and coffee. Then they gave me the wrong coffee
Best McDonald's there is.  The atmosphere is life size zoo animals and sounds reflective of the Dallas zoo next door.
It's line is usually long but that's normal. Good spot if u want to grub on mc.dz
They messed up my order and did not want to fix it
Cool location but ppl out side beggin for money
Ok service cashiers sometimes are rude
FASTEST SERVICE OF THE McDONALS's LOCATION. I DO NOT EAT HERE BT THE SERVICE FOR UBER EATZ WAS GREAT. STAFF WAS NICE.
It would be nice place if you could enjoy your meal without people asking for money the whole time
Never get your order right!! And when let them know they got your order wrong... They get mad smh
Service was very slow. 10 minutes for 1 egg mcmuffin. No apologies for the long delay.
Long lines but wait was short. Employees were fast and friendly. Clean bathroom.
The person taking our order took forever to get on the speaker because the crew were all inside playing around.He was rude on the speaker as they continued to play and laugh.
Rude!!!!.....and they gave me the wrong order.
Stop by here February 16 in the morning at 6:00 am I waited 20 minutes and they gave me the wrong order in the end they have no service and I asked for sauces for my food and they didn't have what kind of store is this
A very unique McDonald's since it is next to the Dallas Zoo it has a Zoo theme inside. Nice from the norm to take the children
Good people good place to stop and get a bite to eat that this McDonalds
Was quick but drinks weren ½ï
Check you food good because my wife had chewed into a frie that she thought was burnt but no she spot it out and we checked it out who knows what it was but it smelled really really bad and tasted nasty my wife said
Still the best McDonald's to take the kids to play...old but clean and everyone is very nice
Love the zoo decorations with all the animals!
I have never seen a McDonald's painted this beautiful.   If you have not been you must visit.
Very friendly customer service n fresh hot food
Nuggets were hot and fresh.
Same as always. Drive thru was a tad long but still got thru in a timely fashion.
Kids loved the zoo theme they made sure food was correct awesome service
Pure attitude from young lady at window.  Not a place I will go to ever again.
Good staff this restaurant really is a fast food they fast thanks
Fast friendly service. Order was complete and correct. A value for my budget.
This McDonald's is slow and they're always messing up your order..you go through the drive for fast service, only to have to wait 10 to 15 minutes for your food...AFTER you've already waited 10 minutes in line to pay..its ridiculous..
Got my other right the first time and was fresh
They have better services that other locations. Great ppace to bring kids.
My husband found a LONG black hair as he was chewing a piece of his big mac. 
Good Atmosphere and very creative with the zoo theme but itit's in a horrible neighborhood. The worst in Dallas
Gets a little busy and sometimes they are a little slow , genuinely nice people there.
Slow service
They keep serving stale food and when you request fresh food, they put your food in the microwave and reheat your fries, I saw it with my own eyes.
This is the worst McDonald's I've ever been to how there still open I don't know the employee at the drive thru was rude, buns were hard, I was missing two burgers out of the order, the nuggets were cold they tasted like they were old if I could give them a big fat 0 I would very disappointed with this restaurant...
My giant got to act up w. The creatures.Fun for all!
Got hit up by a beggar with 30 seconds of parking.  Beggar then proceeded to move inside to converse with employees.
Girl at the counter much rather text than take orders. Then told me to mind my own business.
Great food, super customer service, and quick in and out.
Night crew really sucks I had to go around twice to get my order correct and when confronted they want to get a attitude like it's my fault they work there smh
Worst macdonald   s  in the world. There are people asking for money in there which is very 
Very crappy place they have me waiting 15 minutes for a cup of coffee finally I reminded him and they had forgot that I was waiting for it crappy place bad service
I had a large order they filled it quickly and politely!
This is the worst mcdonalds ever!!! There is always something wrong or out of stock. And the customer service is the worst. employees always look mad and never greet or smile.
Staff is very nice. Food always hot.
Coffee is a reasonable price for me
Anytime I go, I have an enjoyable experience so far. If anything changes I'll post it.
Horrible costumer services!!! Waited in the drive thru more than 10 mins.
24/7 McDondalds with Zoo theme great atmosphere
DO NOT GO HERE!!!!
"Good quite place with good costumer service
 ½"
All I wanted was a steak egg and cheese bagel but they don't serve those at 4 o'clock in the morning but the food still good
Too slow...need to be more welcoming and get orders right !
This McDonald's has its shifts. Some shifts better than others. Morning shift is perfect.
For me is excellent thanks Google
Quick...friendly...really want to serve you ...really want you to be happy with food
Decent egg McMuffin and coffee. The potato/hash browns was just warm.
They must have been busy before we got there cause the store looked nasty
Good. This time there was no wait for just a large chocolate.
Waited almost an hour for two mcchickens asked for ketchup no kethup asked for water no water this mcdonalds sucks
The staff here are nice and hard working. Love this spot.
THEY HAVE THE. GREAT COFFEE THERE I ENJOY THE ONE BY ME ON GREEN OAKS
Slow drive through but good food, overall a 3.5
Staff will do their best to serve you quickly and correctly.
It's just packed to the door everytime I come but I don't be there more than 20 minutes
Jamie is excellent but the drive thru service is not professional
Kids loved the food and the zoo theme was awesome.
Easy, fast and cheap. Tasty, ok. Time: good.
Extremely rude service and super slow. The place was dirty also
Eat inside!! Kids will love the play area.
My experience here was good, came in, ordered, and got my food.
Know someone there named Kyrin, he called me a bot then messed up my order
They are lazy and rude, and in my opinion racist only happier to serve their race.
Parking lot is crowded and road construction nearby is making it worse.  Good service
My son loved the zoo theme
They were pretty fast but the food was over cooked
Great place I love my Macdonald coffee
Food was nice and Hot and very Tasty.FRESH  ½
Leaving the zoo with my kids, stopped to grab a bite to eat but my kids said the restrooms were dirty. We left.
Learn about the app for McDonald's and the crew was Great
The place is adorable! And great shakes
Horrible service, the wait was excruciatingly long and the workers were very unprofessional.
Bad food and service the soda is flat, and good is horrible and I've never met such ghetto personel
Hispanic young skinny girl, Shes at the cash register and her attitude stinks  
McChicken always calm my hungry momentums
Their ordering speakers both dont work, waited like 20 min
They have fake animals inside that make sounds when u tap them
Food could be warmer but it wasn't other than that it's near the Dallas zoo and is better than the other mcdonalds bear by.
Very busy. Long wait for both ordering abd gettibg your food
Needs electrical outlets and wifi that works. But excellent service friendly severance clean
Definitely a nice and clean McDonald's. It has a Dallas Zoo theme that we really liked.
I love this McDonald's because its awesome for small kids animal decorations everywhere and big play place.
Slow service waited 15 minutes in line and the food was not fresh
Under renovation/ Construction. Longer wait
Did not make my coffee right. Tasted like water.
Very hot in the play area and it also smells like it's never cleaned.
ýýýýYeah ýýýýMcDonald's is my kind of place, ýýýthey feed you rattlesnake, ýýýýfrench fries up your nose, ýýýýmilk shakes between your toes... McDonald's is my kind of place.....ýýýý ýýý
This location has a very nice Zoo Theme, kids love it!!
The only mcdonalds not serving breakfast all day yall trash
Love to spend time here with my daughter.  We felt like kids again!
The manager here runs a tight ship, organized, friendly staff,
Didn ½ï
"THE FOOD WAS OK
THE CUSTOMER SEVICE WAS EXTREMELY OFF POINT RUDE CASHIER N MANAGER"
It would be nice if they put the vegetables INSIDE the burgers and not UNDER it
Food was so bad  ½ï
Fast drive through service with gentle behavior  
Always getting you're orders wrong
Friendly service, clean restroom, & perfectly cooked food!
Employees where quite rude and rude to each other but the place was clean and food just just OK kind of cold.
A zoo themed McDonald's is the perfect place to grab something to eat before heading into the Dallas Zoo.
Great food and service
20 pc nuggets hot and fresh out the oil! Excellent!
one of the best Mc Donald's I visited,great for kids!!!!
good place. nice folks. that one ginger white kid is a gem
Super cute place for kids to visit before or after the zoo.
Early morning breakfast and coffee. I love to be greeted with a smile, especially spending my money.
I only ordered fries and they were perfect
Not bad for a McDonald's. Zoo animal themed. Very busy for size.
Awesome breakfast, quick and easy service.
Customer service not so great.
It sucked the people did not make my order correctly and kept rushing me
Food was traditionally McDonald's but a a few homeless people was there. I bought a few meals for them.
Great customer service. And very kind.
One of my orders was missing and one burger was not completely  cook
This place has bad service  
This place is always busy or out of something... but its McDonalds so I'll be back :(
Fresh beef quarter pounder nice clean restrooms great fast service.
McDonald's is not a great place to eat. But this one is above average because of it's jungle theme.
Horrible customer service! Never going to this location again
It was pretty good, it's a McDonald's so it's not like it's fine dining.
Fast service and extremely friendly staff! Glad I stopped here.
Service is slow and not very friendly. First and last visit.
Is a regular option of non expensive fast food in the area.
Not in the best neighborhood- but it's been standing for years now so they got to be doing something right!
Horrible horrible service !!!!!!! I waited more than 10 minutes and when i got my food it was cold !!  ½ï¿½ï¿½ï
Food not good every thing just cold and not good customer service
Fun place for the kids and over the top with the animals. Extra fun!
This was one of my best visit ,the service was super  good
Breakfast was fresh and the employees were friendly.
Sat in drive through no one answered watched 8 cars go to window in 30 minutes saw no activity from the chain very depressing
Slow. They also gave me old fries and the meat on the burger looked hours old
McDonald's is your kind of place, they feed you rattlesnakes, french fries up the nose, yes McDonald's is my kind of place 
Just love they ice tea. It just right.
Why have to drive threws if ones closed and you have a line thats super long
It's the golden arches. Had my yearly Big Mac
Great Mcgriddle hot coffee and a crispy hashbrown.
Good place to bring your kids
No straw no napkins and my frys were old
I love how good there food is and it is fast suvrice
The new Snickerdoodle McFlurry is great. Regular McDonalds fare.
Always the best McDonald's in town for fresh and fast food
Slow service & long lines, but still the sweetest tea in town
Quick service, fresh food, and pleasant surroundings.
Everything was as expected and everyone was nice.
Gave me wrong food
Sure would have been nice if FF were HOT
Slow drive thru after dark
Always busy but it moves fast, good food
The food is soo much bigger in Texas. Gives you a bigger bang for your buck.
Probably the coolest McDonald's in the world. Really cool to eat and be surrounded by animals and the sounds of the forest
Average food for an average establishment. A bot expensive.
You get exactly what you expect. Had a McDouble....was perfect.
Fast service and entire order was correct
Staff super rude nothing comes out correctly or good
This place is okay, they got my order wrong twice
Perfect exit and perfect entrance on S.I35 but service is horrible and slow...don't waist 1hour in line.......
Probably the best McDonald's in dallas but beware of the line when coming here.
Good food fresh drive thru is a nightmare
So sad that its closed, I would bring my grandkids here from time to time
Any food from McDonald's upset but stomach I've had some in West Virginia,(Houston & Hillsboro)Texas, and Oklahoma all made me sick
The servers were exceptionally friendly and helpful
Needs more healthy alternative, activia instead of zacharine? More real cereal?
Great location friendly staff fast service
Horrible service. Customer service does not exist here. Avoid at all cost. Doesn't even deserve a 1 star!!!!
The people are ok but the food is not good for you.
Love the  chocolate chip cookies and the egg mcmuffin here  
Because they have good find that is reasonable for the family
Rude and nonexistent customer service staff is immature and lack courtesy
Quick service but it was dirty in the dining room.
Alarm kept going off dirty bathrooms. Someone just peed all over the toilet.
Fast and hot food.great place for the kids to play.
Stupid
Quick service in the morning. They good
Quick and correct. What more can you ask for?
Employees rush. Not making sure ordered served is complete.
Food was okay cashier was rude and they don't have outlets!
The food was good so I loved it
Aweso.e breakfast always
Really good and the staff in the morning are really nice
Worst place employees are very disrespectful if I could put 0 star I sure do 
It's McDonald's a neccessary evil on an 11 day roadtrip.
Decoration inside was great, service was slow, food was good
Cheap food that fill you up but would not eat there in a daily basis
Compete with zoo animal decor. Fun place to eat!
Gave me the wrong drink, after 3 request
The manager is always professional and courteous!
man this ain't fast food . slow  ppl not doing they job
McDonalds is always my Grandkids favorite!...
Didn't give straws with drinks. Gave us the wrong order. Will not be back
Very slow workers! I was in line for 15minutes waiting for a McDouble.
Friendly staff, good competitive prices.
Ice machine is always broke.. plus this location is extra slow
Waiting for food for 20 minutes for them to tell me it wasn't maid.
Place is slow and I find McDonalds breakfast expensive for the quality.
I dont like the service here. And there slow
Drive thru great and fast. The way it should be.
Right by the Zoo!!! A must before or after you visit the Animals!!!
Aways have bad experience wit food there
Very clean very friendly. Plus kid friendly.
Depending on the time you go service is quick
Peaceful great service
Fake but good food keep it 4 diabetics
No one really love's McDonalds its just cheap and convenient
Food cold and had to wait for my order
They went Hard in the paint and quick .
Awesome Bacon egg ^ cheese biscuit
Good food they serve fast
Quick and d.m good.2022 still good.
Food much better here than fort Worth
Construction everywhere makes this place a mess to visit
Staff is fairly friendly and the service is quick.
Got show my love for my hood!!
The workers are great.... love the coffee
It is brand new,  the staff is so nice.
Couldn't take an order correctly at all after 3 attempts.
Don't like it but it's food I guess lol
Fries are a hit and miss at this place
It is fast and I love The Animal theme
Not so good food always cold
It has animals on the top. It was good
Very nice place fast service
Closed for breakfast? 15 minute wait? Please!
It good cause it's close to the zoo that's great  ½ï¿
One of the better ones probably because its across from the zoo.
The one was clean bathrooms as well.
Kids always have a good time here!
Amazing workers and manegers and clean and frendly
I wasn't at McDonald's I was at Popeye's get their chicken sandwich next door
I just love their cheese burgers.
Not healthy but overall my order was right
Courteous ,organized good visit
You know what to expect from this place it's always the same!!!  ½
Super Awesome Double meat1/4 pounder
Food was barely edible
Very busy very dirty
Zoo theme is cool
Best place for a great sausage mc muffin!!
Basic. Fast. Got my order correct.
Very nice people smile all the time
Good customer service
Unique decor.  Bad part of town.
Only drove by. Didnt stop for services.
Great setup for a nice day at the zoo
They have delicious frappes..
Fries were good
Best McDonalds ive seen in years
WHAT'S ELSE CAN I SAY IT'S MCDONALD'S
The burger and the fries was fresh and hot
Fast service, be aware that night time is usually packed
New ordering system being implemented is getting the staff crazy
When I ask for no salt on fries I rarely get it
A lol slow but m y kids love it
Manager was rude and disrespectful. Attempted to argue
Favorite themed McDonald's!
Very disappointed in the fact that I had a dead fried FLY in my fries !
Love this McDonald's, there chicken is never dry
Not clean and food was cold.
They have the worse coffee ever
Always liked the zoo location
The food is okay but the prices are a bit off
My all time favorite mcdonald
Fast Service Awesome Eatery For The Kiddo's
Good people there like fam...
OK BUT NEED TO EXPAND BRRAKFAST MENU.
Very unique McDonald's. Themed for the near by zoo.
It's totally a mess
Fast service and good food for on the go
This McDonald's is quite different with a zoo setting.
worse burger and drink ever, that is the reason I never eat here
The cashier gave me the wrong change.
Stupidest peole working on the window. Dumb mexican
Food the same service to slow
Bad food but OK service.
Best fast food restaurant hands down
Beautiful place for kids to have fun
very helpful and friendly.
Great staff and service was prompt
they forgot my coffee on my order  
Love the morning customer service!
They never put sugar on the coffee
I love the chicken nuggets
Zoo McDonald's need more help after midnight!!!
Fast service good morning service
Ice cream machine work 60% of the time
In was a mediocre experience at best
Gave me diarrhea that lasted almost a week
Fries were fresh.
It's the cheapest place to eat when you r on a budget......
It's okay for fast food look
They took my burger
Very ,very , bad service never coming back
Great service no wait
Cashier is rude . Managers are to busy to care.
Good food great service
Good fast friendly service
Fresh, Hot, Tasty FOOD TO GO!
Friendly service in the morning hours
One lady very rude one very nice
Good Food On Top Of Good Savings
Cheap food tastes fake
Excellent customer service
Never get my order right
They are not all was kind to the customersr
With zoo motif. Popular with the kids.
The drive through wait is ridiculous.
Oatmeal with the Fruit is always good!
Good service and cool environment.
My kid enjoys the indoor park
Food was great.
Service are not good
Very good and affordable place
2 big Macs for 5$ I'm there
because it's not very healthy but very fun to go
Good .Love to visit again
Good place for kids to play
Great place fast service!
Food was good and fresh
Alright, but cashier was on phone during order
Gregory was polite and courteous.
Fun place for kids!
Great people working here
Mcdonalds is mcdonalds lol food was hot
Bad service and attitude from the employees
Great service at 5 am
Almost time for another crew change again
Very homey and friendly service  
Great place for the kids to go
I also enjoy and love McDonald food
Fast service and great food
The food was very fresh
The atmosphere here was friendly
I am currently in the drive thru for 35min
Awful place and the food sucked
Beautiful restaurant near the zoo
Ubering pick up very friendly
Good in a crunch.
Friendly people service great
Made it my way but makes me fat
Very  fast with food
The manager Sara is rude and unprofessional.
Great hot food!
Long wait. Cold hard fries and fish sandwich.
Didn't get the order right
Guess these guys where having an off day ½
Minor mess up on my order
Better than most others.
Bad service every time
Very slow service!
clean fast friendly service
Fast & great service
Good service, polite associates
Ice cream machine doww to early?
They messed up my odder
Ok but need work
Very good customer service!!!
It's family and kids friendly
Fast and fresh every time
I love their coffee
Good fast service.
The food was hard and cold
Dirty, slow, and ghetto
In and out perfect service
Needs major improvements all around
Got our order wrong
Cheap only reason to go lol
Subpar customer service and meal craftsmanship.
Dirty place bad service...
Food order was incorrect twice
Nice and clean
Great place
Great sweet tea
My express place going to work
Very good food
Quick pick up with kids.
Good for quick food.
Usually long drive thru line
The service is horrible at this location
I'm just tired of the food
It's good
I didn't eat there
Fresh food all the time.
Great service, great people!
Great place delicious
Who hasn't gone here?!
Friendly staff! 
Good and fast service
I work here
Ice cream machine was broke.
Fries always fresh!
Love the zoo look at this McDonald's
Great place for kids
Good for fast food
The food was dry and cold
customers service need improvements
Fast and friendly service!
Slow but good
The best french fries
Clean and good food
Always good and quick
Never have a roblem here.
Good Customer Service
Cleanest McDonalds in South Dallas
Fun play area for children
Great
Good service friendly
The caramel frappuccino was great
Clean and good service
Kids love it
Bad due to slow service
Great eating atmosphere
Clean, good service
They suck
Need work on there service!!!
Fast and fresh food.
Nice fast in fresh
Coffee I just love it.
love love love different menu items
Fast and hot.
Very dirty place!
Fast and friendly service
Fast and good service
Nice
Good food
Eat here all the time
Mostly always good.
Only got water
Horrible service in the morning
Awesome for my kid
Ice cream and fresh fries
Cool place
Terrible remodel.
Fun theme
So nice
Awful costumer service!
Happy kid
Quick friendly and polite
Long lines all the time
Meh
Quick service.
It come in clutch late at night
Over prized
Was hot and perfect
You know
Good food
No toys in kid meals
S. Beckham McDonald's is the best
Yeah meh.
Disgusting place, overrun by homeless
Laid back get to eat
Poor customer service
I hate mc Donald's
Pancakes all days winning
Too long of a wait.
Very fast
Good deal
Just ok service
I work there
Always open thank you
Fast no waiting
Fast service with a smile
Good fast food.
Ordef is never correct
They slow as hell
Always love some Mcdonalds
Just sad,never ready
Its good for mcdonalds!
Good food
Service was great!
Very slow service
Always best
It's good
Nice good good services
Micky D's always on point
Not friendly enough.
Just do.
Loved the zoo theme
Not my cup of tea.
I like the big mac
Clean n fast
Very much cool
Great
yall microwave the food
Didn't go here
Cold food
It was nice and clean
They"re no help
Excellent coffee ï¿½
Great pok ½
It's the burger place.
Great service
Disgusting. Bad service
Cold food
Its ok
Check your order
Line is always long
I like they cheeseburgers
Sausage biscuit was awesome
Sick...sick...sick!!! I was sick for two days...
Very friendly staff
It's McDonald's that keeps with headquarters protocol
UNDER CONSTRUCTION
She is out
Food cold
Is AT ver fast
ýýýýýýýýýýýý ýýý
Service was great
Bad food
Mmmm Macdonald's Is Macdonald's
Love it
Lanes are very long
My spot
Kids love it.
Great playground!
Good attitude
Fast service
Good fast food
Just fast food
Fun place.
Great place!
Well done McDonalds
Great... nuggets  ½ï¿½
It's okay
Great service
Grey spot to dine
Crowded and a tad ghetto
Its ok
Good customer
Proper 
Great service
Great place.
Great
Amazing service
Fun fun
Great service!!
Good dervice
Really good
One word, DIRTY!
Great food
No problems
Mmmm
Time machine McDonald's
love it
Slow
Love!
Gd clean service
Good place
Clean&Fast.By the Dallas Zoo..
Great place
Great service!
Its ok
Fast and friendly
Hot and fresh
Loved it
ýýýý ýýýý ýýý
Quick and friendly
Nachos, yea buddy!!
Ok
Fast service!!
Quick and nice
Good place
Great service
Goooood
Friendly staff!
Fast service
Always friendly
Great location
No i.  No.
Good
Very clean.
It okay
Its okay
Mc Donald's what can u say
Breakfast is ok
Great price
Slow.
Good place
Need to make it bigger
Great playland
Ok for kids
Standing legend place.
Fast service.
Their good
Fresh
Same ol McDonalds
Good and fast
Fresh and fast!
A quick snack
Great, as always
Quick
Meh
Horrible Service
Ok
Clean and fast
Great salads
Pretty fast
Excellent service
If 0 was possible
Ok
Good place
Slooooow
Bad service
Slow service
Ok
Ok
Good for kids
Ok
Order was wrong
Fast service
Clean and fast
Fast service!
Great mcgriddles
Nice
It was okay
Ahhh
Fast and great
Great
Ok
ok
Ok
M for aMazing
Ok
Great!!!
Fast
Great
Awesome
Fast service
Ok service
Ghetto
Crowded and dirty.
Good
Yuck
Nice
ABSOLUTELY UNSANITARITY
One of the best
Rude employees
Quick service
Great
Nice
Nice
It's mcdonalds
Great
Good
Perfect
Yummy
Good
McDonald's over by the Dallas zoo
Nice
Nasty as hell
Favorite place
Yes I agree
Great
Bad
#late-night
"Okay
Okay"
Hate this place
Excellent
Nice
Nice
Slow
Nice
Slow
Bad
Friendly staff
Great
Horrible
Poligth and crutry
it was good!
Trash
Dirty
It ½
Speedy service
Wrong order
Yup
Sucked
Needs improvements
It was filthy
Terrible
Great
Okay
Enjoyed it
Coffee
ýýýýýýýýýýýý ýýý
Fries cold
Yum
Chain
It's alright
Fire
Yes
Service
Friendly staffers
Good 
Food
Excellent 
Short handed
Excellent 
always a line
Neutral
It is okay
Needs help
Fresh foods
Zoo themed!!!
Superhero food
Awesome!!!!
Chicken sanwhich
Satisfying
Stale food
French fries
Its McDonald's
Great!!!!!!!!
The people
Terrible!!!!!!!!!!!!
McDonald's
McDonald's!
Excellent 
It was great!! I like that they haven't changed anything and it's jungle themed
For the first time I see such a McDonald's, made either under Madagascar, or just like the Jungle. The lion growls, the elephant trumpets periodically, the boa constrictor hisses, the children like it. But there is no self-order screen. Civilization, apparently, has not yet reached this forest with animals.
It was prettier when I had the animals recently I went and the lady who was cleaning bothered me because she was complaining about her work with hints as if I had dirty everything and be careful I always pick up my garbage and my children's even when we arrived we cleaned the table where we did not sit because it was dirty and also when I was leaving in the bathroom I found her again and again with her hints what a pity with this lady
What bad people to give orders, I made my order and it was 25.04 dollars and 4 cents and the cashier told me you want to leave the change and I told her, I'll leave you the koras and give me the 4 dollars and she tells me that I only gave him 26 dollars when I gave him 30 dollars because they are so like that..
Very bad service I asked for a medium hot chocolate without cream they gave me a quarter glass of chocolate and I told them and they filled it with water it no longer tasted like chocolate and the lady got upset why did I tell her that the glass was not even half full
It's so cool! Have animals inside like an anaconda, giraffe     ½, monkeys     and the guys are so gently! You can take ur kids to eat, before going to the zoo!! I think it's cheaper than inside zoo! // It's grea
Very good food, good prices, very clean, excellent zoo environment, and very comfortable and spacious and clean children's area, thanks  ½
Excellent place, good attention and the playground is large and everything is alluding to the jungle because it is close to the zoo
Very clean everything Buy good only the staff seems annoying
Very good they remodeled it very well
30 min for medium fries
Terrible service this afternoon, there was no line to order and there were only 3 to 4 cars outside     ½ï
The worst McDonalds I have ever been to. They serve very reluctantly, the order is always wrong. They give you one drink for another or forget to put the toy in the happy meal.
Very bad service and it was very dirty everywhere the garbage cans full all ...
The employees here are very rude to the customers, they should start dictating them on how to treat the customer. We are very despots with our own race, the Hispanics. All the employees call the clients do ½a and it is very unpleasant to be do ½a. As soon as one goes to ask f
Quite a resort, I asked for Ketchup and they only gave me a bag for 5 hamburgers and 10 nuguets
Comfortable and children's play area. The service is very slow.
I'm upset because they didn't put an egg in my Mcmuffin ½ï¿½ï
I didn't like it, they put mayonnaise on my food and the mayonnaise roasted me badly
"Good place to buy fast food to go.....
very kind"
Jefferson's Mc Donalds, the fast service is very bad, it doesn't complete things, it has happened to me more than 5 times today, for example, the oatmeal didn't have an apple and the spoons were missing. Also at the entrance there is a pothole and the cars always stick.
It was very good they served us quickly very efficient
Excellent service by drivetru Very Rapids attention and I also hope that they are very kind
The decoration is nice, the attention is good, but the place needs a good management so that it is clean and really cozy
Ideal to go with your children to enjoy good food and fun
They did not attend me and given the size standards, it is not open to enter inside, only to shop on the outside, it has to say that only people with a car can buy in this store, terrible services
ýýýýýýýý Terrible service... they never give you what you ask for....... terrible ........ the truth is already disappointed. Of all this fast food chain..... lousy
The place was very clean, nice and we got our food quick, but our order was not complete and the guy got upset and mad when we asked for the rest of our order.
This was a great experience this morning. I chose the lane that the screen went black. All of a sudden everything I knew I wanted I forgot seeing the black screen     ½. The rep was great she helped jog my memory    ï¿½ï¿
I went here 3/23 around 9:30pm and there were 3 women working that I witnessed making racial slurs against a Black man. It was incredibly upsetting and uncalled for   I understand the best of the best aren ½ï
I order through Uber Eats often. Every single time I order Chicken nuggets they Always forget to put the Barbeque Sauce I Requested in the bag. Always!! It's not nice. It's not ok. I order 40 Nuggets. 40 and not one Sauce in the bag. This has happened too many times. I'm sick of it. Today they also forgot to send an item I paid for. I'm done with this location.
Fast service Even tho lines be long at night service is quickly, I rarely heard them say they are out of any products like most do at night I have not yet tried an hot or cold coffee at night there, hopefully the machines still works since thru are on a very busy and tourist spot, very safe to go to at night.
Restaurant was clean. Ordering at a kiosk was pretty impersonal but the cashier was nice. I didn't like my breakfast choice - it looked like an english muffin with sausage. But the muffin was very soft and tasted like syrup. Yuck. My sweet tea was weak at best. However everyone else with me enjoyed their meal. Bathroom was clean too.
I came today at this store at 9pm and the person in charge scream from a table to us. That it was closed (a lady with red curly hair) i  didnt said anything to her and when to the computer because people was ordering, when she came to us; she said again it was closed, i told her it said outside and in the page that this store close at 11pm. She said in a rude way: if you order your food will not be prepared. And she closed the computer. I didnt said anything to that woman, because im not wasting my time and energy with  people as rude like that. I   m  writing this review because this is the closer store to my house, and is really sad that a company as your have this unprofessional & rude employees and is not the first time i have a bad cx service experience in this store, but today was to far. I dont think this are the values or your company, but, this is what your 
Seriously? Says 24hours first off. We arrive around 2:50am. Then we SAT IN LINE FOR AN HOUR only to get to the window at 3:55am for her to tell us    We   re closed.    Claimed they said it over the mic    what? To whom? And definitely not to us. We were speaking into the mic for ever with no response and continued to wait in line until the window ½ï
It took me more than 20 minutes for them to deliver a mocha frappe and look how they delivered it, I had never seen this before, I attached a photo
Terrible. Wouldn   t take cash. Managers are so rude. Don   t ask for anything extra or they will gossip about you in the kitchen. Unprofessional, very unsatisfying. Need new st
i am a tourist here . i came in the prices were already higher but that was fine the problem was the employees i ordered a rootbeer  but cashier didnt speak enough english to tell me he kept saying no ice. i stood there for 5 min waiting just a simple drink until another worker came over and explained they didnt have the drink and if id like to change. which i did pls retrain your employees and have someone with proper understanding at register so that theres no problem
It's McDonald's so I don't expect much if anything but the people running this one don't have a care in the world. Staff walking around in the back wearing scruffy old pyjamas looking street wear. (ie not the uniform and not even clean looking personal clothes) No hairnets. Kiosks not working. Slow service at the counter and long wait for food. Missing items. I could go on.
"The worst McDonald   s I have ever been to! First we waited in one of the drive through lane for over 15 minutes just to find out it was out our order. No signs and no one notifying the customers. The other lane was long so I parked and ordered online for curbside pick up. After waiting for a while, no one deliver my food so went inside believing maybe they were short staffed but the employees were chatting and wondering around. order.
Even more disappointing, fries were cold and soggy. What happened to the tomato, lettuce and mayo in "
Worst McDonald's I've ever been to. On Friday, February 17th, it was closed at 9:41pm. Wth? Really? Couldn't believe it. Staff that turned me away wasn't very polite either. What is this? Chucky cheese or something? Although I think even they stay open longer than that, Friday night c'mon. I hope someone from corporate will read this, might as well shut this dump down if you're gonna close around 9 on weekends
Please review the receipt showcasing what I ordered along with the pictures of what I have received. This is the most disgusting order I have ever received. Aside from it being completely incorrect, the products arrived COLD. The fries are soaked in oil and hard because they have probably been sitting outside all day. The sandwiches are not fully cooked and COLD. The drinks are disgusting. I   ve never seen anything like this and they are not even full. I ½ï¿
Worst McDonald's I've ever been to. The workers move in slow motion and ignore you. I had to wait 20 minutes just to pay for the food I ordered on the kiosk. My diabetic brother-in-law is shaking waiting for his food this long.
Slowest fast food restaurant I   ve ever gone to. I ½ï
I went today to get food and they said two times they were not open. It clearly states they are open 24 hours. I asked nicely twice why they were closed and all I got was we are closed. Not professional at all and not right. I understand things happen but why no answer back? But the whole place is lit up. Just give me an answer.
Came here at 4 in the morning and they told me they are closed, but right before I drove up to the window there was another guy Infront of me that they served. Something else funny has happened at this McDonald's before! I went there in person to get a milkshake but they told me they don't have it, when I got home I went on Uber eats and ordered a milkshake from that same McDonald's XD. LOL
"For workers like her big companies' name are ashamed.

What a horrific experience I just had;  this lady you see in the picture for telling her she was giving me a wrong item and not the one I paid for she started a big drama and spilt my son's smoothie and started singing a vulgar song/lyrics as per offending me through that and not directly addressed to me. All that in front of the manager ..

Besides that waiting time was ridiculous long with a lot of customers not satisfied and even a uber eats guy had to cancel in front of  me because they didn't make his order in more than 20 min that I was there ...

Another lady in the back was not using the yellow paper that sandwiches have she was placing the  buns/bread directly on the table as she was preparing food for dogs. She saw me and start acting like nothing happened..

This place is a completely mess

JUST STAY AWAY"
We spent more than half an hour in the drive through. One person is doing all the work. The ice cream machine is not working as well as the milk shake :(
"Im here to update what it was a terrible review, this McDonalds was the worst ever (but so close to my house, that im end up here anyway)! But now everything is clean, my order was ready in 3 minutes, and the general manager
deliver my order to the table! This new general manager is amazing  ½ï¿½ï"
I can't believe how many times they ask me if I wanted cheese on my double CHEESEburger I ask for it only ketchup n onions I'm surprised they didn't ask me if I wanted the meat as well. SMH
They keep talking to me when I told them that I am deaf and they gesture that the app is not working as I thought. I typed the orders then show them and I give them a card but they finally typed the phone, said only cash. They waste my 10 minutes time for nothing. Poor service! Non-friendly disability!
Everything is good but Dude what 
truly one of the web services of all time. my favorite part was when they said "it's Roblox.Amazon.Core'in time" and Roblox.Amazon.Core'd all over the place!
Ordered through rewards program ,  my order came incomplete  and cold , they refused to honor the reward deal ..... Go to Taco Beel cross street next time.... at least food will  be hot  ½
Got me waiting for to long to take my order
"Pure and utter trash, was in line after ordering for about 40min just to get stale fries, and tried passing diet coke for coke. Very distinct taste.
If you're wondering, Fyi there was no way out of the line"
Its normal like other McDs. More or less clean. But the chickens are not fresh as usual
It   s been a while since I haven ½ï
Worst Experience EVER, i   ll never come back, they don   t know how to make a great customer service, the manager was talking up front with 2 employees more, the girl who gave me the fries, gave it to me cold and old, then i told her that they ½ï
I followed the suggestion of the app and did curbside again, however they took way too long to bring out my food. The last time I used this feature in the app they brought my food much quicker, in about 5 mins. This time it took them almost 15 minutes, that is a very long time for "fast food."
I beg you, go to ANY OTHER Mcdonald   s in the area that   s not this one. They don   t know how to ring up a mobile order... the 1st girl told me  ½ï
Third time coming and third time I've been served after a long wait. Often there is not a line yet there is still a wait. Food is good like at any other McDonalds but the service is so slow.
Excellent customer service and my food was hot.
It's supposed to be a 24 hour. I come there 5am in the morning. they talk about their  Close for cleaning. And the guys That told me this through the intercom, is in the lobby sleeping telling me through the drive-through headset.
Get the lady out the push out window early serving nasty attitude and wrong orders early in the morning
Service at drive thru is PATHETIC!!! Verrrrry slowwwwwwwww. There ½
Horrible service. Alot of items on menu not available for 24hr drive through
Great fresh food prep. One of the best McDonald's I've been to. Unruly school kids ruined the experience
Went thru drive thru and food was served fast and correct.
"That Donald's tho'...

The burger bun should be less white bread and saw dust  and more craggy , textured with a slight bite"
Drive thru was quick and professional considering we had a order of 10 meals early in the morning
This is NOT 24/7. Maybe Fridays and Saturdays but at the time of this review 4:40am. It is not open. Staff still inside and not takong orders
Ordered in drive thru with my condiments and once food is brought out. No condiments now I have to park to go get them
Service was terrible here. Staff kept us waited for over 20 minutes while we could hear them chatting and laughing on the other side.
The guy at the window cussed me out because I asked a question, I didn ½
Service was all great but it was dirty all over, it had a very foul odor
if i could give it 0 stars i could, HORRIBLE SERVICE never give you what u paid for and when u ask for it they spit on your food.
We were waiting in drive through 20 minutes every day . The speakers broke for at least a week and there was only one girl in the store at 11 pm.. that   s super cra
It was clean and we order from the touch screen  menu.  The place was small and not crowded.  ...
Guys, they   re not actu
Paid 50$ and got half the stuff, the people dont know english and terible service ½ï¿½
TERRIBLE service they took 10 minutes to take my order when no one was in line. Then in the next lane someone pulled up had waited 5 seconds before someone took their order before me who had be been waiting. They charged me the wrong food and never got my correct receipt. Next window they lost my order and then got it wrong after I said very clearly what i wanted and it wasn't a complicated order just two burgers.
Fairly clean majority of the time. I guess that depends on who's working. But the customer service is pretty fair in all my experiences here. For a quick bite. I prefer this specific McDonald's. Food is always fresh. And I never have to ask for napkins.
"This is by far THE worst McDonalds I have ever been too. They  consistently deliver poorly McDonald service and food  menu item.
They poorly assemble burgers , chicken  sandwiches etc as it always their team members do not care on how McDonald   s standards are taken.
Please"
I rarely eat at mcdonalds but for convenience and the 40 min drive I had to take home I decided to give it a shot, it was 10:20 pm and went to the drive thru, the lady told me that "they were not going to take orders until 11 p.m" but it says 24 hrs isn't it? While I gave the round about I saw all the staff just sitting and chilling in the dining area... look I understand it's not the best job, but at least try... anyway do not try to go between 10-11 pm because you are not going to be attended
I ordered 4 cactus plants flea market happy meal and I didn   t have any toy. Actually i even made order twice but first order, they didn   t even deliv
It's a very nice renewed place. It's a shame that some homeless sleep inside the restaurant
Sooo slow. I was 3rd car in the drive thru. It took 25 minutes!!
Can get busy.  You can't miss it.  Parking is pretty tight but depending on the time of day you can find a spot. The staff have great customer service. The environment is clean.
Depressing & very sad memorial evidencing what happened during the Holocaust period!
Worst mcdonald's ever this morning I went inside no cashier they told me to use kiosk to order my food. I ordered and then had to wait 30 minutes this was so crazy and then I asked to speak with a manager and then I had to wait about another 15 min and then no staff members would speak English. They all need an attitude adjustment. I will never ever go to this Mcdonald's again never ever had to wait 45 min for a cup of coffee!!!! Please don't go and spend your money here!!!
Wow I have been sitting in the drive thru for an hour. Slowest mc Donald 
This place needs more attention and better management employees only do is play around flirt with each other and scream too much and the also have no hat or any hair net on the kitchen staff the only person I saw with a hair net is the cleaning lady
I ordered takeout from the McDonald's app. After waiting at least 20 minutes they finally talked to me and asked about my order. I said that I put my order in through the app. They said that because their system was down they could not give me the food that I paid for. I spent ten dollars and wasted a half hour of my life. I have had to complain to corporate, I have had to talk to a manager via email. Nothing has been done, they don't even want to give me a refund they merely offered me a coupon which they never gave me. It has been months since this had happened and there is still no resolution. If I left a McDonald's with ten dollars worth of food they would have me arrested but because I am a customer they are fine with stealing my money and my time. This is a terrible McDonald's and because of this experience I will no longer be going to any McDonald's in the future.
I love McDonald, so I going to eat my BigMac combo, very good! But the big problem is, very very dirt, dirty tables, dirt coming out of garbage cans, dirt on the ground!  I made a video and now I send it directly to McDonald Company!!! I talk with the manager!!
10:09pm right now at drive thru first time ever in my entire life have I heard a McDonald   s tell you that they are not taking orders until 20 minutes because they ar
Slowest mcdonalds in miami. It took them 40 mins to get me a mc chicken and bacon mcdouble. Cooks and managers are on their phones while 10 people including myself are at the counter waiting for our food
Wait time in the drive thru was way too long.
I have an hour waiting on an uber eats order , when i get to the window they say is not ready , they keep me and other customers waiting
Service too slow, over 30 minutes in the drive through. Only one worker was able to help me because the others did not speak or understand english.
Here you can order from a big touch screen and they bring the food to your table. It's also possible to order in advance through the app and they bring you order to your car.
Service in this place is terrible! I used to order every week through uber eats and my order was always incomplete. Today i just order again since a long time without ordering and it happened again. When i go to pick up my food, workers there are rude and don   t have any good educat
Terrible.  Is not open indoors I tried to do a mobile pickup for ice coffee and the click that I picked it up but I never received it.  I couldn   t even go in
Bunch of zombies working here. The lady at the drive thru window is sitting down while there's a line that doesn't move. Absolutely no urgency.
New remodel makes it way more closed off and industrial and cold. You get wet sitting under a/c vent. Printer didn ½ï
Id give it zero starts if I could. The drive through only had two cars ahead of me to order and in total it took an hour. It took ten minutes no exaggeration at the order board for someone to take my order. When i get to the window he didnt know what i had and literally just then put my order in. It was not that busy at all and it had at least 4 people working. At the window he took my card for about two minutes and i froze my bank account just in case
everybody screams on their own table. It's not employees fault,but environment terrible.
Just horribly slow! Waited 10 minutes to get to the order screen at the drive thru, even though only two cars ahead of us in the right lane. It took another 40 minutes to get my kid's food. It really makes no sense
I tried to dine in at 6:40 pm and they say they are closed like ??????  My guy right at the door it 
No matter how healthy you normally eat, Mickey D's fries are perfect after a long fun night out! The drive through attendant yesterday (03/06/22) was pleasant and even gave me a water cup and mini kid size fries for my dog.
I ordered a medium vanilla latte hot I got a large cup of ice cream. To completely  different items so how did they screw up my order. Coffee not ice cream it's really sad
I   ve been here tons of times. I came twice this week, and had some of the best McDonald 
This mcdonalds is wayyy to disorganized and they take forever to attend you. Yea, they are friendly but honestly waited to long just to get the order wrong.
Excellent food, great prices, superb value
The general manager of this location had the worst customer service I have ever experience! I order food , it was cold. He initially didn   t wanna give me fresh food or a refund, I sat at the drive Thur almost 30 minutes waiting . Once he seen I wouldn   t leave he gave me back partial payment and then called the police on me. I 
I have been in line for an hour to get 2 Quarter pounders meals. What ever happened to FAST FOOD? This is ridiculous. I have a starving child at home.
Customer service was terrible! After waiting five minutes just to try and place our order we decided just to drive up to the window to place our order. Once we got to the window the young lady that was suppose to be taking orders for the drive thru was just on her phone texting. The sense of urgency was nonexistent! All we wanted was a large fries and sweet tea  ½
"They are always late in their orders
I was there today 10/02/22 with my family and my food were done 40min late
They need more management"
Quick bite morning online orders usually M-F being on the run. I usually see Maria which works in the drive thru she the kindest most nicest person ever!!! Today I had a little hick up with my order and Paola took care of it right away which felt like a regular day as I come by the drive thru. Thank you Maria and Paola you guys rock!
I ordered food the first time and they missed two items then I got a refund and ordered it again and they got my order completely wrong I asked for it make flurry and a 10 piece chicken McNugget and they gave me a six piece spicy chicken McNugget and didn ½ï¿
For a fast lunch on the go, try a  ½
The worst McDonald i came across. Just takes them mire than 20 minutes from order to receive. Hope the building burns down.
Looks like they renovated since I last went - person taking order was pleasant despite heavy orders - bit of a wait in drive through because of number of cars
Was basically out of half the menu. Then we had them repeat back our $56 dollar order to us twice and once we got back to our hotel 2 sandwiches were missing. While paying with my card through the drive thru the cashier said I had to give her my pin number because the pad didn't reach out the window. I've NEVER had something like that happen to me anywhere in my life. Not a single employee had on a uniform. Just a total messed up experience
We wait in the line for over 20 min. When we arrive 2 employees were outside the store speaking. The worst drive thru service ever!
Every, time, I, come, here... EVERY TIME!! I don't think I've been able to ever successfully pick up an order from here.. like ever. They either don't have the order, or my pickup gets cancelled because of the wait time... Smh
If you like to have your order messed up, having people mumbling at you, and don   t care about getting any sauce with your nuggets this place is for you. The crack heads hanging out in the drive through is also a nice touch, although based on my experience those might just be workers on their break. Oh and the fries     ½... so old and stale they would make a great 
Terrible. In line for over an hour and my whole order was messed up. First they told me over the drive thru intercom that they don't do the coupon on the app then told me to pull around after taking my order. Make matters worse was the one worker kept scratching her hair, her hoody on her head, then take it off and scratch hair again. Not once did she wash her hands, but had the nerve to be mad at me because your coworker didn't ring up the order correctly. Definitely will not be coming back to this one. I'm glad I'm on my way back home to Texas, so I can get some Southern Hospitality.
Love frappes at this location. Sometimes there is not good service, I think is due to covid. We have to wait until the situation gets better with a full staff so I can give a more objective review.
Not 24 hours, more so when I feel like working especially late night. They sit inside and let a line build up and don't respond to multiple hellos. I don't get it. Customer service does not exist
"I never leave reviews but I had to here.

Honestly, if you visited every single McDonalds in the country and ranked them I am convinced this one would be dead last.

I spent an hour in the drive-thru and when I got to the window it took 10 minutes before anyone even came to the window and when they did they had no idea what I had ordered.

I have never seen a group of people move so slowly and with such little purpose or interest  in what they were doing. It seems like they were just annoyed to be working at all. Literally it looked like the whole crew was moving in slow motion, it was a sight to see.

Then when I finally did get my food the order it was, of course, not correct. But the weird thing is they didn   t short me they gave me an extra quarter pounder and fries.

I am just visiting and will never go there again anyways but "
Oh yes Love Mc Donald's sense little however I am Bother by The San Andreas Fault-line Going To Separate Not Enough Sewers To Drain The Ocean Water Of It Done might create a Domino AffectThe Great Wall of America The San Andreas Fault-line Emergency Plan SCUBA GEAR BEFORE THE SAM ANDREAS FAULT-LINE SEPARATE CASH APP GODHEADDIVA
DO NOT GO! As soon as I got in, I got yell at by one of their employees to get out and go to through the drive thru. I told her I did not have a car and she told me to wait in the line anyways. I standed in the line for cars and they took forever to make any orders. After  my order was done, they made me wait on the sidewalk and let other cars go ahead of me just because I was not in a car. The two cars behind me had bigger orders (I am talking 2/3 delivery bags). They yelled at me, they basically threw the food at me and I left with the worst experience. Is not fast food if you have to wait 30 minutes just to order.
They never have anything - Their Menu is always crossed out and when you order something ½ï¿½
Nothing too good or bad. Easy ordering but got wrong food on my order. Long wait time considering it was fast food.
When your hungry,it's the place to go!
Second time in less than 2.weeks apart. More than 20 minutes waiting in the drive thru because these guys take the wrong orders. A complete disaster.
"I move close to this unit, ordered via app to avoid the drive thru line, but for my surprise when I went to get my order that was ready I was forced to take an hour in the drive thru line.

This is supposed to be fast food.

When I went to pick up my order, the drinks were wrong, the potatoes were the wrong size and old, the Sundae machine was broken, they didn't deliver our sundaes and the attendance was super rude, saying that the problem was mine and not hers, burgers were in the correct Double Quarter Ponder box but when we got home, there were cheeseburgers and the third burger wasn   t in the bag!!

The amount charged on my card by the Mc Donald   s app was greater than the closing of the order.

I made a complaint to customer service that notified the unit but unfortunately no concrete action will be taken.

Never had a more disappointed experience estaurant again!"
"Awful service they had ran out of everything so we had to order 5 quarter pounders, two large fries and 2 reg cokes    the sodas were mixed with diet and something else and the quarter pounders were made with three hamburger meets and they were stuffed with Mayo and like 20 pickles    disgusting

They made a mess out of the order it was late and somehow 34 dollars later all all we had were three cups of water and one quarter pounder. When I asked to. Speak to the manager the youn"
Horrible experience! I ordered the Saweetie mea just tryna support my girl and several flies flew out of my bag!! I am disgusted beyond belief. All the food was cold and old on-top of that. Completely inedible. McDonald ½ï
Food was fresh and fast, however the lady working at the drive through window was rude and nasty beyond belief. Her disgusting long fake curly weave was not put up and she kept flinging it around as we watched it dip into many of the drinks. She was too busy putting on lip gloss and rolling around a fat piece of gum him her mouth. Very rude at the window and impolite to her manager. Health department would have a field day with this Sorry excuse for a worker.
They need to shut down this Mc Donald or sell it to a different management. Worst service ever!
Be sure to keep eye contact with who takes your order, otherwise with the slew of Uber eats orders coming in by the second, your order can easily become either relegated or dropped in priority. Craving ice cream? Ask them to make it last in your order, for if you're waiting, you might as well have ordered a milkshake being it will be pretty molten. Overall, the staff have changed for the better, and their service continues to get better and better.
The young ladies that work during the day are too busy chit chatting and texting and making the coffees wrong. Cashier at the drive thru window literally handed me my receipt with her head down and other hand texting. Very irritated that I paid for two coffees and it wasn't until I reached my next destination that I realized that they were made completely wrong. Ladies making the coffee were talking and laughing and didn't say hello, or thank you. Very rude.
The night shift is extremely slow and have gotten my order incorrect consistently. The day staff is really good though, especially given the volume of people who go there in the mornings. The environment is clean and the bathrooms smell good. The food is your typical McDonald- gotta love them fries! LOL
"Update: updating to 1 stars. Was at the drive through for over 20 mins today. Cars were leaving the line bc it wasn   t moving. Got on the 2 lane and no one came to the speaker. I left.

Customer Service is terrible. Starting from when you get to the ordering screen. Drive-thru employees never greet you, never thank you, they look  tired and moody. There is one or two exceptions, I did look at the name badge because I was surpri"
Solid dive bar with good food. The chilli is excellent. I had a salad which was decent too. You can smoke inside which is a rarity these days. Nice staff who are attentive and friendly in doing so. It's in an odd location for sure.
Disgusting as always , I think they pre make the burgers a day ahead , the bread cheese and the patty is old , fries fells still frozen lol or they wish to be frozen
"They served a bucket of stale oil, instead of a clean batch of fries and a filet-o-fish.
The patty was stale, hard (possibly refried), and the oil quality was very poor.
The fried weren   t fresh but sometimes this happens with door dash. But the quality of the oil and the staleness of the food was unreal.
Regret not making the choice for pizza tonight, could even eat this    foodï"
Place is very clean. The new way to order with the touch screen is very cool, very modern. The food is exactly what you would expect. Very tasty. The only downside was that you can only get napkins from one place (near the kitchen) so you have to get up to get them.
Terrible. Consistently understaffed. Just waited 45 minutes at drive thru. Food is disgusting
"Ordered a large iced coffee w/cream and sugar and an order of hot cakes.
Received a medium iced coffee with no sugar. And an old pancakes that are basically rubber. And to top it off no syrup, no butter, and a spoon to eat pancakes. Definitely wouldn   t recommend this location. It "
The employees here frequently have attitudes. Very frustrating!! There have also been a few times where they just decided to close the lobby early bc they felt like it. Myself and a few others were standing there showing the lobby close time and they always say 'We close a little early today...' Horrible management!!
Service is slow.  The neighborhood is so bad they have security in the lobby.  A person has to wonder just how safe is it to stop and dine here.  Lock your car.  Leave nothing if value in view.  Broken window glass in the parking lot
Good staff and good service
Do NOT go to this McDonald's if you're in a hurry. We were just picking up a drink so it wasn't a problem but ordering was chaos and there was a guy beside us who had seriously been waiting 35 min for his chicken sandwich. He showed us the receipt showing when he ordered and was trying to ask the staff what was happening and they were quite rude and just said "man you can see we busy". Also note that this was the only McDonald's we encountered in Florida that doesn't offer $1 any size soft drinks.
Overall a decent McDonald's. Clean and fast.
Food was good but place was kinda dirty . Not a bad review but they should have someone cleaning the tables more often
Terrible establishment. Slow af. Incredibly long lines. Waited in line for 40 minutes I   m the drive thru for them to tell me they arenï
Wonderful people here thank you.
"Staff are busy talking and they don't care about customers . And, they make us wait for long time at drive through all the time!
When I called at the store, they picked up the call. But when I start complain about this situations, they hung up on my face!  This McDonald used to be so good and professional.
I don't know what happened.
since they changed to new staff, got worse ."
Homeless people walking on  the restaurant, asking for money. Employees ignore it...
Drive thru cashier completely got my order wrong.  She order what she saw on register and not what I wanted.  Then look surprised when I told her.  The manager should not let her work drive thru. Which explains why the line was so long.  I'm sure I'm not the only order she screwed up. Don't normally post these comments,  but it's becoming more of the norm these days.
This McDonald's needs to close. I've ordered 15 times in 6 months and had 1 correct order. Don't order delivery, go yourself, and check the bag before you leave.
no stars!!! this is the worst ever service i have ever encountered 28 minutes in the drive-thru. I asked for a refund and the managers name and they refunded me my money and decline to give me the food. I ask the manager for her name and she walks away.... at the end i got my food for free but perhaps a better management team needs to come in and train cus these young women that were there yesterday 6/23 around 2pm were exchanging snapchat videos and chitchatting like they didnt have 8-10 cars in the drive thru
Bad costomer service slow workers
They have the worst manger ever. One of them have a lack of speaking which is Arlene Ledesma!!!!! She doesn't know what is being said to her. You can't get your point across because she won't understand . Can't handle the  customers and she's very disrespectful.
I live 150 feet away and waited an hour to place an order. This is supposed to be fast food. Never had a more disappointed experience with McDonald ½
the slowest mc Donalds in the world!  It is supposed to be 24 hours, but they leave it closed to customers and by car mac it takes 15 minutes per customer.  I mean I wasted 1h of my life waiting for such a bad and slow service
"Biscayne Blvd., and 35th Street
Based upon what I observed and experienced at the drive-thru window with 4 employees (one who couldn't even understand or speak English), I made a complaint to McDonald's yesterday and will wait to hear from someone with the franchise owner's organization.  The owner needs to know how poorly managed this restaurant is, and how inadequately the employees are trained to do their jobs.  I also have contacted and submitted a written complaint to Chris Kempczinski, CEO of McDonald's, as well as Steve Easterbrook who is the President and Chief Executive Officer of McDonald's in Chicago.  They need to understand why McDonald's is doing so poorly; afterall, when they have to communicate to their Board members and investors about a drop in multiple quarterly revenues and earnings over the past year, maybe then they will take a look at how poorly they select, train and manage their employees to create a positive customer experience with stellar service. I will not be going to this, or any other, McDonald's again!  It was that bad.  McDonald's corporation needs to do a thorough investigation of how this restaurant is NOT being properly managed by the franchise owner and managers.  The owner clearly must put numbers before people.  Horrible, horrible experience!  Will stick with Wendy's instead.  They have much better food and service!

04/05/2021 - As a follow-up to my complaint to McDonald   s 1-800#, and the CEO, I did receive a written response and phone call.  Kathy was very appreciative of the feedback received and thorough in her explanation of actions taken as a result of a completed investigation.  I was also compensated for the experience I had at this McDonald   s.  I will add that although I had been to this McDonald ½ï"
For the third time in the morning this is happened to me, the drive-through lady does not answer. I drove around the front this morning and they had about four employees there looking at me . One of them gave me a thumbs up to go back to the drive-through which I did and it was the same result the lady did not answer and finally I decided I would leave, and right before I left she answered by saying one moment please so I waited hey moment and she still was not ready so I just left . There have been two vehicles in the drive-through before me that had also left and I did not understand why until my experience. I believe the employees are slacking off in the morning which is difficult for me because if I don't have breakfast then I have to wait 6 1/2 hours at work before they allow me to go eat .
more than two hours waiting and I left without the order rude and drugged staff did not even know what they were doing
terrible service. waited about 1 hour for nothing, my order was completely wrong. My iced caramel latte was extremely far from good. and they don ½ï
Told a lady at least 3 times    ketchup, barbecue and ranch ½ï¿½ï¿
8:50 pm they have the doors locked and won   t allow anymor
The worst person in the world taking orders at the window 12 16 18 at 7:48am with red yarn braids very nasty disposition rude and verbally abusive when I ordered I was cut off no repeat of order no price given so I went to the second window no one was in the first the person was full filing the order with HUGE attitude I stated that no attitude was necessary she proceeded to bark at me as though she was ready to fight me with the whole neck action and more attitude......I will not go back to this location its the second time in 1 week that Ive been there to such treatment. I can not believe that the mngr allows this behavior this can not be the first issue with this person nor can this behavior not be unnoticed......
Almost everything I order was wrong. I order a Sunday with chocolate syrup, and they brought me caramel. I also order and paid extra for bbq sauce, and they didn't put any; the food was also cold!  Worst restaurant!
Warning- Check your order every time you come to this location. Guaranteed to be missing an item you ordered. Don   t let them tell you
I guess it's okay, it's McDonald's. You know fast food is supposed to be fast, right? This McDonald's was not. The fountain drinks are served by the workers so even getting refills is slow. That said, they're really nice people and they seem to work hard.
Cant hate on the workers... its Mcdonalds... just dont go to this location. And good luck trying the drive thru if you have plans in the next 2 hours
They won't mess up your order, but you will sit in the drive through for at least 15 - 20 minutes before you get to order and then wait another 10 minutes to get your food. Overall unless it's your only option, you should drive on to a better run McDonalds.
The new order system that takes the food to the table was not working .employees are very disorganized. Talking instead of doing their jobs  my coke spilled because it was poorly lid. I had a terrible experience at this location
Worst experience ever stood in line for 10 minutes to order asked when my order would be taken was told the system was down and was given a nasty attitude instead of proper customer service I was treated rudely bad enough the store was filthy fries everywhere on the floor the manager and the young lady was playing around with each other he tickling her on her side instead of fixing the solution I ½ï¿½ï
"The service at this McDonald   s on NW 36th Street and 22 Avenue is amazing!

I came in before my shift at City of Miami Parking Enforcement Department and had my breakfast.

I had two delicious and hot burritos and a Diet coke. There coke system is second to none always on point. The staff is friendly and ready to help yo"
Avoid this location at night. It's the worst! First the whole staff hates thier jobs and second the wait time for your food is like 30 mins or more, between them doing your order and all the uber eats, postmates and grubhub also waiting to pick up orders. Its a mess. They are understaffed and everything is wrong at this location.
This is what I call one of those 50/50 places. the food quality is always good, it's the people inside, specifically sometimes you have homeless sitting at a table, or a very loud bunch of drunk adults ( kids I don't mind, that's what they are suppose to do). there is nothing they can do, but I still get my order and eat at my scooter outside. not fun but what can you do.
I like the new design but the customer service has gone down hill. Way too many employees go there on their day off to socialize, they hang around the registers distracting emplyees who should be focused on their stations and tending to customers. The worst part is that one of the managers (a young latino kid) was engaged in of these conversations. I asked the manager why he wasn't controlling his staff and he just looked at me and laughed.
Very clean and friendly employees
Customer service here always at its worse. I get that they probably dont get paid enough,but they dont seem to realize that theyre not giving good customer service. You get what you give  
Never again clueless manager with no management skills or understanding that you aid where your employees lack because she just stood there during the holdup. Never again
Open 24h for drive-thru. Burgers were good. The wait was insane. Maybe they had issues.
What a joke! Parking is awkward, went and asked for breakfast - they were out of muffins. Okay... asked me to wait a few minutes they'll start lunch at 10:30. Come up there at 10:30 on the dot - they tell me they won't serve lunch until 10:45-10:50, because they still have breakfast food left???? I didn't know the cashier's decide when to serve lunch now!
I placed my mobile order, they made me wait 30 minutes in the drive thru before I could get my food, this is a dump! Always a $h!t show there!
This is a very friendly restaurant.  Even when they are busy they seem to find a way to smile. Some do need to check their attitude at the door but for the most part they are usually very accommodating and service is typically good.
The worst experience.  Staff and management ignored the customers. Talked to each other.  Took 10 minutes to order.  Then 10 minutes to get my food.  No apology.  Management watched and said nothing during this whole ordeal.  Total rude and unprofessional.
This is the worst Mc. Donalds that I have ever visited. Sadly, this is the only one which is near my home and sometimes I don't have options to chose another one but, today, was the last straw. I made an order through the app and selected the pickup at the Drive Thru but when I got to the screen where we should order, the girl who was there didn't know what to do with my Order Code and when I got to the window and ask for it they didnt know anything neither and they pretended that I went inside because they do not dispatch mobile order by there. Also told me that the payment had not come through and I requested to cancel the order but, 3 minutes later I was charged with the order that I never got so, Im  making this complain because I am pretty upset and disappointed because I always eat in Mc. Donalds but in this store is always the same disgusting and poor service at all time or unless when I have gone: mornings and nights. Also, I disputed the charge you made to my credit card because, as you noticed, I never got it.
watch out for the jesse pinkman looking dude outside, he ½ï¿½ï
"The self service kiosks need to go... CUSTOMER SERVICE is lacking because of them. When you prefer to speak to a live person it's as if you've inconvenienced them. They do not listen while your ordering and have to repeat your order like 3x... I asked for an iced caramel macchiato and was asked if I wanted it hot or cold...? ICED... then was asked what flavor...? CARAMEL...

REALLY?"
Ample parking.  Orange juice very expensive!  3.50 for small one.  However, big breakfast was good as expected.  Clean, new looking dining room.  Customer service as usual
Went late one night to the drive thru and was told they were closed. I pulled forward and someone was paying for their meal. I thought this was a 24/7 location.
Night shift, Huge improvement since my last visit. Very organized and clean. Management controlling everything. It looks under new management. I like the new service of taking your food to your table.
"If I could give 0 stars, I would.
Food: not fresh, not the right configuration
Staff: dude handed me an oreo Mcflurry without making sure the cap was on properly and it went all over my car. Asked for a manager and he said there was none.... ok dude, if you say so.
Drive-thru menu: half the screen was off and the drive thru lady could not comprehend that - even as I pulled into the store and told her. She didn't get what was happening.

I can't believe McDonald's would let a franchisee get away with this location's issues."
They couldn't even put the cheese on my sandwich properly. Terrible.
SUPER RUDE CUSTOMER SERVICE FROM AN OVERNIGHT EMPLOYEE... i politely asked if the order on the table was mine and she asked me I DONT KNOW IS IT???...  ½
Fries cold. Order 80 nuggets only got 40.
"The staff doesn   t understand english
They w"
Long wait in drive thru. Ordered double cheeseburger and mcdouble both no onion no mustard and received a dry not even ketchup and with Extra onions... I'm allergic to onions, realized too late to go back. Waste of time and money, trashed-
Unfriendly employees! Google said 24/7 - they were impolite and kicked us out before we could order and we were in line
I'll never come back to this McDonald's again. Went by for lunch & when I asked for a refill on my tea when leaving, I was informed that because I didn't buy a combo meal I couldn't get a drink refill. I guess the sandwich I bought didn't count. Tables were dirty too. Their not worth 1 star!
this cashier treats us very badly, nasty attitude he should not work here,
"Used drive thru at 12,15 am; finally got my food at 12,45 am. They have two lanes for offering and only one window to dispatch food for those, plus the uber drivers on foot at the window waiting for their orders.

Food was kind of cold, fries and breaded chicken tasted like burned oil and on top of that, they didn't put any mayonnaise or ketchup for the fries.

These big chains have no quality control.
It's actually sad when you compare the food from the picture to what you really get."
Food was left out of door dash order , called x6 and they wouldn ½ï¿
I'm currently in the bathroom. There is no toilet paper and nobody answers the phone when I call. This isn't a joke. I'm very serious. The dispenser has a slot for 2 rolls. Neither of which are filled. Careless. Hopefully someone reads this in the next couple seconds and helps me out. Again. This is not a joke whatsoever. I'm very serious. I'm upset and running late for a gathering.
Extremely slow service.
Slow service manager working register and takeout not enough help.
Both bathrooms are locked and not functional. No one in the store speaks English.
I have had two bad experiences  with this particular  location , cashiers at drive thru dnt greet customers , and we waited for like five minutes for someone to come back to take our  order , we were told it wasn't any ice cream , but when we came inside there was a customer leaving with ice cream . That's when one of the employees said  quote on quote why yall played  like that . Both incidents ms Taylor whose suppose to be manager could not control her staff , neither could she tell me who was in the drive thru taking my order.  She has no control over that staff !! And clearly does not know how to run her shift!!! Horrible horrible experience when ppl are spending money at this location You guys really need better staff and managers who can run their shifts and not let the employees run over them because clearly that's what's going on at this location  I have reached out to cooperate  once and until this  is solved I'll keep reaching out !!!!
The late night service is terrible!!! Waited in line for an hour before I was able to place an order! Someone needs to fix this system or hire new staff.
Pretty Clean dinning room and enough personal to serve you without make you wait too long. Big parking . Bathroom can be more clean. They have free WiFi.
I cant belive it that I have more than 30 min waiting for my order....La peor experiencia que he tenido en mi vida en un mc donalds
Horrible service... they take your order correctly.... they look at you if you verging for food... hello we are buying food not asking for food ... very unhappy people in this location  ½ï
they have no respect whatsoever for the customers the food takes forever and to top it all of its not even good quality food  i went in there today and the employee was being super rude i just had a question about changing a sauce in one of the sandwiches and he answered me super rude "if you dont like the sauce it comes with just change it ur f** self we don't get paid to do extra "  he said. i was left speechless i didnt even know what to say i just think its ridiculous ..i dont know why he would answer that to me so i asked for his name and i asked to speak to a manager . when the manager came to speak to me she apologized for the behavior and told me he'd be reprimanded and as im walking out the door i just see them giggling with eachother i feel super disrespected . the manager didnt even bother speaking to her employee about the way hes talking to customers. idk if the guy was having a bad day or something but regardless nobody should be treated that way ..i just asked a simple question and i was treated like garbage . if it wasnt for people like me going and ordering food these people wouldnt have a job so it bothers me that i was treated this way will never be going back. for those of you who decide to go here watchout for roberto clemente he seems to have plug up his ass or something and he things he's entitled to speak to people like there less than him.
This is the worst mcdonalds I've ever seen bums are laying around panhandling inside the store and the employees allow it.
I was in the drive through the young lady on the line says wait a minute we waited 10-15 minutes and we tried pulling up to the window to see what the issue was and we ½ï
Very nasty tables & Floor. I asked the manager if someone could clean she handed me a wet cloth and said person that cleans is on break. I ended up eating in my car . Very horrible experience, ManagenMan needs reviewing.
The fresh coffee is good! Only 99 cents, you can not beat that! A lot of freebies if you download the app! Paola,  the assistant manager,  is cute and friendly!
They didn't have ice at 2:30am this might so the drink was hot and tasted funny
The manager give me an attitude without even saying hello. She said that she wasn   t gonna take any more orders, that they were cl
Trash cans are overflowing, places very dirty workers were walking around in circles like they were on drugs only one person was even attempting to help customers. Had to wait 15 minutes and after constantly asking the help for one cup of coffee. Other customers were visibly frustrated as well.
Ordered 20 piece nuggets and they were not fresh and were very hard like they were overcooked. Also gave me the wrong sauce.
Worse service ever!
Customer service was atrocious , the employee named Sandra that attempted to take my order was dismissive and rude. She clapped at me while raising her voice, she cut me off when I spoke to clarify my order, had an attitude the entire time. Over it, this place is trash.
It   s not your typical McDonalds. They do bring your food to the table but the order was wrong. I did the order on the new touch screen self-service kiosk.  There was no ketchup, rude employees and homeless people panhandl
Long wait but after order it was fast.
The system went down and we waited for almost an hour for our food. I waited in line with about 20 other people. Tensions got tight and the employees starting fighting. Some employee with pink hair was making a huge scene yelling profanity around a bunch of kids and caused even more problems. The employee Frankie was stellar. The guy was clocked out already but decided to stay and help and basically ran the whole kitchen without a manager (she wasn   t there until the 
"Staff unprofessional, yelling and screaming among themselves and yelling and screaming to US CUSTOMERS.
Also, and more important they take forever to prepare the food, a simple order can take a good 25-30 min

FAST FOOD??"
Great service
Very bad service. Staff discriminate homeless even if they are paying for the food. It   s time to realize that people should 
0 stars! Worst trip to McDonald   s I   ve ever had. I have been sitting in the drive through for 42 minutes and counting. I would leave but I ½ï¿½ï¿½ï
Very slow, she was upset I wanted to add stuff to my order at the window which I could have avoided if she had responded while I was ordering at the speakerphone. In her words " it's against the law to order at the window" after I questioned it some more she said no it's policy.
It is what it is. You know what you   re getting with the burgers etc... but why do they have 
The food and service is great, the staff is well-trained and they never argue with the guess. They work out at an alarming fast pace. Good brand to work.
I would never come back here I sat and drive through line for 15 minutes it did not move one car we are 10 car Lanes back ended up driving away.
Didn ½ï¿½ï
I   m giving this place  A star because the website doesn   t allow me to not give a star. This is seriously the worst McDonald   s I have ever been to. I waited in the drive-thru for about 20 minutes (I could   ve probably gone inside, ate, and still wouldn ½
Two drive thru lanes for faster ordering, plus open late. Great chocolate shakes! Thanks again! 12:29 am Saturday, May 12, 2018
Was charged for food, was not given the food, and subsequently was locked out and prevented from getting my food from the little Hispanic night shift manager. Essentially stole my money
I enjoy eating here very much. It's probably my favorite McDonald's because of thier excellent customer service. The staff is efficient, the dinning area is clean, management has thier game face on, and the food is just right.
#RudeService. QUOTE one manager towards a customer asking about thier " No Fries" hand written letter stuck on the register. - MG Replys to the customer "Don't you See the Sign it's clear." In which the customer just left and did not order anything. Bad customer services All the way out the door not a clean restaurant. Let Down #MCDONALDS #corp owners. (NEGATIVE VIBES BE WARNED) need #newmanagement in place #please
McDonald's is cool with me big breakfast is always really good McChicken sandwich and maybe a quarter pounder or two other than that yeah it's McDonald's
Worst service ever, I waited for more than 30mnts n line to order and still have not order, it ½ï
"The night shift crew and their unknown secret supervisor, a white Hispanic lady will refuse completing ubereats orders at times. They will lie to the customer that the Ubereats delivery person has cancel the order and they will lie on the other end to the ubereats delivery person that the customer has cancel the order.
They will also refuse to answer the phone calls from ubereats support.
Finally, they will give the ubereats driver a bad rating of unprofessionalism for not canceling the order."
This store has no respect. They don't say Welcome to Mcdonalds. Also the don't have any toilet paper in the bathroom. Also no supervisor is never there to talk to. This store # 7166 don't go there
Not open the hours they say. Came here at 5:am and told me they were closed. I drive 15 minutes after work to get here!!!
super dirty all around. attitude of the people in there is gross, they almost trow the food at you. go to another McDonald's and save yourself the bad experience.
Not sure if drive thru is not available or what but 4:53 pm July 28 2019 8 car pile up thru drive through with ZERO interaction from those inside. Please close the drive through if you do not intend to attend to it.
The Nastiest McDonald's I have ever been in!! We were one of the 1st people in the store and it looked like it had never been cleaned!! No toilet paper in the whole store amd had to ask 3 employees before anyone would even answer us.
WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER.  Never been to a place and gotten treated so bad.  Spent 20 minutes standing waiting to get my order taken . The mananger was super nice, but still dosnt make up for it.
This McDonald's is open 24 hours but past 2am employees disappear they don't answer the intercom and hide in the back sometimes when there's like 20 plus cars customers get so tired of waiting they actually drive across to the Taco Bell. Whatever employees work the overnight here are basically Bank in the money and go to sleep somewhere in the property.
I ate he a r at least 5 times since I was in Miami and I never eat from this chain as I got older and more wiser.
I don't recommend this place super poor customer service I can tell that employees don't have any training we ask for few items and pretty much they give whenever they want I hope the owner Reads this and do something I won't blame the employees I blame the owner for not having their employees ready
McDonald's is McDonald's. This place is good for the Children & the young peoples not for a old guy like me. I just went there to buy a black coffee.
Well managed and the food is good. Take it from an ex McDonald's employee
Always check your bag before leaving, moderate defect rate
The crew member was not cooperative. I had to get the manager Lorenza to take my food order. She would give me my regular order of Artisan Grilled chicken with guacamole & pico de gallo with fries and a strawberry banana smoothie for $5.99. Instead she charged me $8.45. Wao!!!    Then the crew member that knew my order was for dine in,  he put it to go and I reminded him I was dining in. Then I've asked him for mayo, ketchup and bbq tangy. And he told me there is a ketchup dispensing machine. Told him don't ever try to change a customer's request. Evethough he was not happy he gave me my request. Then he turned around towards the kitchen and he started to l
I ordered a Big Mac and both meat patties were razor thin it was like eating bread with lettuce the lettuce was thicker than the freaking meat patties
The people who work here are absolutely ridiculous. Bunch of kids who obviously hate their jobs and no leadership. Employees are fighting with each other in here and the entire place is full of unhappy, hungry customers. Add the ubereats and doordash people and everything else and complete madhouse
I origin gave a bad review because they were a bit slow but I had to give them five stars for not allowing themselves to be punked by the Miami police officers who think there entitled to a police discount.  Ahahahahahah
I'll spare the typical McDonald's speech about how it's bad for you blablabla . . . Since I moved to Edgewater, it's been the most reliable source for an "actual" late nite craving. Past midnight, it'll fulfill your sugary/salty cravings whatever the time is. Absolutely love it. 100% reliable.
Medium coffee is almost 2 dollars and it ½
The worst McDonald in Miami if your are starving don 
On our way out the manager & one of the employees were smoking pot. Will never go to this location again! Horrible  ½ï¿½ï¿½ï
This was an hour wait on the drive thru    employees were smoking and
I was waiting more than 10 minutes for a small frappe. They only put a little bit of caramel. It wasn   t no M. Bad service in this mackdona
11:15 at night and sitting in mine for 30 minutes and the line hasn ½
Store says open 24 hour, but employees, blasting music says that they're not open?? Beware, lazy employees. Boycotting this location.
Food was delicious....I always get the big mack and fries and ask for it to be HOT  ½
I   m sad to put this review but this McDonald   s is very very slow. Drive thru or at the res
Waited TWENTY MINUTES in a drive thru with only 2 cars in front of me, only to be asked to park because the 6 pieces of nuggets (that was my whole order) were not ready. I asked for a refund. I also peeked in and there were a lot of employees and orders behind mine were ready. Never again.
Newly remodeled, so a beautiful building. Convenient ins and outs. They got my order right, no complaints.  
Horrible customer service, if I could do 0 stars I would. No receipt and the food cold
I come here everyday and order the something for the last 6 months. I waited for my food for 30 minutes the damn girl gave my food to somebody else 3 times if they get off there phone and stop coming to work with attitudes maybe they will get it right
Food was good, customer service needs an improvement
Worst McDonald's experience ive ever had worst staff unprofessional and nasty the place was a pig stuy and everyone was lost and i got told off by one of the young ladies. I will never ever go there again and i urge all to avoid this McDonald's due to the filthiness of the restaurant. Something needs to be done ill be looking forward to a response from upper management.
WISH I CAN RATE THIS 0. I JUST PAID $40 ON UBER EATS WITH ONE REQUEST TO MAKE IT ONLY KETCHUP BC IM HIGHLY ALLERGIC TO MUSTARD, AND EVERYTHING I ORDERED HAD MUSTARD. ITS 2:30 AM AND NOW I CANNOT EAT BECAUSE THEY FAILED TO SIMPLY FOLLOW ONNNEEEE  FREAKIN DIRECTION.
Out of cups,  wouldnt give a side of sauce through the drive thru stopped listening half way through my order
They were rude as hell and very disrespectful the manger close the door in my face and they messed up our order and told me they were close and have to go thru the drive thru again to get my order they messed up
Staff is so rude
Always 'system down' that's why I rather go to Chick Fil A at least they have good customer service & system and ice cream always works! McDonlads workers DO NOT LIKE TO WORK.. best bet is Taco Bell right across the street
We have been trapped in line for almost 30 minutes now and are still waiting on our food! Beware!
Really Good service. I ordered a breakfast burrito and Mocha Ice coffee
Worst McDonald   s drive thru. Card machine didn   t work so I had t
They say it   s open 24 hours but I get here and they say they are closed I have been seating here waiting for over an ha our and nothing. A la
How does google say your open 24hrs but when I drive there it ½ï¿½ï
Very Rude staff :-( had me wait in line for 30 minutes will never go to this mcdonalds again...
Ordered 2  kiddy meals and juices were left out and they forgot the apples. Horrible service. Never again here.
Every time I come here I either get extremely rude customer service or ridiculous waits. Avoid at all costs. Instead just go to the Wendy   s a couple blocks down. Right no
"Quick service inside. But drinks are behind the counter!!

PARKING NOTE: Make sure you park before you get to the drive thru, there is no way back in from that point on!!!!!"
Hi     my name is FRANKIE I   m a new employee at McDonald ½ï¿½
Manager Maria truly rude!! Very bad service overall, ignored customers requests, asked her for a refill of sprite and ignored it twice, even customers behind were amazed by her attitude.
This is a restaurant inside of Walmart. It's pretty clean but the workers look tired and angry. The food was fresh but it was like eating inside of a theater playing a sad movie.
Horrible, terrible lunch hour service. A young African American girl took my order, did not acknowledge me nor made any eye contact with me, rolled her eyes when I asked a question. Why did McDonalds hire her?!
Such slow service in the drive thru every single time I am here. I made my order 10mins a go and I still haven ½ï¿½ï
That service is suck they always give me a bad attitude espcialty on the drive trhu they need to change the service or they wana lose alot of costumers i have some friends and they have the same opinion, please do something about it
It's called fast food for a reason and there is nothing fast about McDonald's in key west. The staff is rude and there hasn't been one time they have gotten my order correct.
The time you have to wait for your food is dismal. A lot of employees but absolutely ineffective to serve the customers. Won't go back again.
I asked for fries with no salt and the fries were full of salt. The soda was watered down but I  did get everything in a timely manner.
McDonald's is what McDonald's is fast food at a fair price usually the place is very clean inside two people try to get the food to you as soon as possible so you can be on your way it's an All-American establishment when the need of fast food and a hurry it's my go-to place
Horrible. Disaster
Literally been waiting in line for 20 minutes waiting to at least GET OUT OF THE LINE. I did not sign up for this mess. SCREW this McDonald   s. What trash. Edit - I ½ï¿½ï
Never been to a mcds worse than this one.
Bad place. Went 2 days ago at night and food was cold. Manager was arguing with me so i just decided not to come to mcdonalds anymore. If the manager continues there i just will go eat to other restaurant.bad. doesnt deserves 1 star.
Like the other reviews. Just rude staff which is so bizarre for a McDonaldï¿½ï¿
The staff is very friendly with me I've never had an issue with them very nice people working at McDonald's is very hard I am an employee at McDonald's too so I know
Employees are just plain horrendous. They go out of their way to not serve you. Zero care. This is what McDonald's is now, folks. And I can promise you 100% there will be no response from corporate on this.
Good service. Hot food and friendly employees especially for the overnight at 3 in the morning. Thanks
Popular 24 hr McDonald's w/drive thru and indoor dining. I visit for breakfast because theirs is one of the freshest.
I drive up to the drive thru speaker at 4:22am to what I thought  was  a 24hour McDonald's just to be told that they were "Closed". Now I am not the smartest but doesn't 24 hours mean open all day and night. I am so pissed at the moment.
ýýý24 hoursýýý the woman said they were closed and the mcdonald is 24 hours.  This happened at 4am on Friday, October 22
To go order without napkins, no sauces (asked BBQ for the nuggets). Diet Coke was a mix of flavors.
Worse mcd I been too.
Never go there I asked for pic up Order, and the guy came to have the order without gloves..... I called them and they was very rude
Worst macdonalds in the area rude employees and very slow service dont come here.edit: no mask or gloves where being properly worn ether.
Very very very slow WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE. This place is a dump. They will loose clientele shorty. Slowest Mcdonalds ive attende EVERYTIME i go there
Friendly staff, clean and tasty food
Hit or miss. Just order ahead on the app, pick up inside and CHECK YOUR ORDER!! There's always something wrong
It opens when it won't openY'all say 24/7 but y'all not open 24/7
Poor service  I had a 20 nugget 2 medium fries a m caramel frappe and medium mocha frappe they charged me for a small mocha and salad dressing she charged me the difference but they almost gave me a small I had to ask why they charged me that also they neglect to let you know they dont have caramel or chocolate and when I asked they just told me there isn't any with attitude
Slowest service ever. Dirty store. 12 employees working with lack of customer service skills. Big roach walking around lobby area. This was at 11pm . So sad
3 stars because it was remodel . My biggest concern is the homeless people or the shaddy people . Remember it is in the city of miami - overpopulated already. Staffs can be a little bit more friendly.
The customer service was terrible, the lady work angry, she look me terrible, i say thank you but she didn   t answer nothing and loo
Fast place for eating
Totally disaster and the manager was playing instead than be helping wth the orders. The waiting time was like 30 min for "a rapid food restaurant"
I would give it zero stars, if I could, this is by far the worse establishment I have ever been to, I don't even know how some of these people have jobs, the wait time is ridiculously long and not to mention the attitude of the employees, I will not recommend going here, go far away to another McDonald's, if that's what you really want, but do not go here
Quick McDonalds. Just need to check quality of food. I received an old (darker than usual and hard) chicken in my sandwich.
Didn't understerstand or couldn't understand simple English.  Drinks moslty ice diluting flavor.  Ask for no ice and get a cup of ice separate.
This was my first time there and I had fast service.
The worst McDonalds in all Miami. THE WORST. Worst service. Do yourself a favor and drive farther away to a different location.
As far as McDonald's goes this particular one is pretty good! Service is friendly and the food is prepared with care and maintains the level of flavor McDonald's demands
Wanted a small combo and was told combos only come in medium and large. That if I wanted a small had to order everything separate. How stupid just to make an extra buck
Very slow employee take forever to get you order. Im not recommended to any body this place
Long wait in line, fries that were nearly room temperature, and 4 chicken tenders of which 3 were so tough they were like rubber bands. And the diet coke was found (after we drove out) to be cherry coke. One combo meal for a ridiculous $8+. This is one McDonalds we will avoid in the future. And maybe McDonald's chicken tenders at ANY location.
They are too lazy to serve you and they will say that they ½ï
Kind person  that cant manage to get an order right. 3 times I had to come back to get the order redone. Kind cashier, everything else about this place sucks.
Did the mobile order, arrived to pick up my order, they didn't see my order, I became combative and argumentative because when I ask to speak with an manager she did not attempt to come to the window; yes I was a bit more upset but as a supervisor you try to deescalate the situation and you failed to do that.
Lovely staff. I have done 2 Customer Satisfaction Surveys. High grades.
Nice staff, well organized in being professional and work in timely manner. Thank you
Be aware of cashier at drive thrue not providing costumer with card  receipt , charging in excess.
I enjoy coming to eat to this McDonalds. But the cashiers are very slow. And many of them have bad attitudes
Hot and cold.  Have had a series of good and bad experiences - cold food, wrong orders, but when they get it right it's great.
Today was not a bad experience friendly fresh food fairly clean Lobby I actually enjoyed myself here at McDonald's this morning
No surprises for my $4 dinner a $2 bacon double cheeseburger a $1 McChicken and a $1 iced tea. The location isn't too bad for being downtown Miami
The best food ever. I been enjoying the hospitality of eating at McDonald's for years and always a pleasure going there for a quick meal.
This location takes cash only. No cards accepted.
Orders come correct and fresh Everytime never have a problem food also tasted great
Very clean store and they let you use the restroom. Somtimes you need to go.
The manager the works , black her, in the morning thinks that treating bad people is good! Her service is totally rude!!! And as a manager sucks!
Super slow. Many items not available, disgusting customer service. Staff did not care at all.
Very helpful and patient cashier and supervisor. Walk-in was very quick. Drive-thru was quite slow however.
Take to long and they don't get your order right  employees to slow and on there phone joking and laughing
What's up with this Lady taking 2 Hours every morning to clean just the men's restroom,this is every morning,and don't even ask her to let you in just to wash hands...she'll send you to ypur house or women's restroom.
Long waits, even on drive-through! Not the friendliest staff either..Wasup McDonalds...step it up on your customer service...your fries can only keep me coming back for so long
Quite possibly the worst McDonald   s on this plan
If you want to stand in front of the register for half an hour and be ignored and end up not ordering, this is the place for you.
They said is 24 hours but do not come to this place at 3:30 am they said is close ! Is not right I drive 15 min to come here and they said is close ! Worse ever !
Made us 30 breakfast sandwiches & 30 hashbrowns in a matter of minutes...thank you for getting our staff fed quickly.
Honestly can't give a zero stars but I would if I could. This place was nasty. Dont know how they havent been shut down by health department.
It was ok....at least the food was hot and fresh.  I visit other locations and this was by far the best.
Pretty good McDonald's if I'm being honest. Food was fast and good. Staff was really nice.
Would've eaten there if there wasn't a homeless man sitting their loitering and making the dining area smell like piss.
Order online or use the kiosk do not wait in line
They never get your order right and if you go between 5 and 6 am through the drive-through they going to always tell you system down customers please check your order before you leave there please
Its amazing! I love it its an OK staff but I still give it 5 stars. I totally recommend the place
Mornings after 6 system down, therefore no food to be served. Or they sorry we're closed. When you have 24hr service and nothing is ready.
They only allowed me 1 refill ony drink. ï¿½ï
Place didn   t open 
Worst Mc Donalds ever visited!!! The worst service and quality!
The lady working there was VERY rude and loud. She yelled at the delivery guys who came to pick up their orders. Very disrespectful!
Service is good, and can always ask for Fresh fries  
Pretty college girls everywhere... it's a regular girls-gone-wild fest? Maybe not too wild, but plenty of young and pretty ones.
Is not possible,always long wait for the drive thru,always 1 hour to get your food,please fix the problems.
Slow employees, not being really kind, to many uber eats before you, not too much attention on the place being clean.
This is my second time, I like there attitude. The place stays clean, and my 7 yr. old liked it too.
"Food is disgusting like any McDonald's
Staff...not so much different from food
If u wanna be fat, suffer a heart attack...those kind of things...come to this place... it's the right one."
I don't like this food but I love ace cream  
Uts usually always busy and many times they get your order wrong but the coffee us great v
Food is well prepared and tastes better than other McD's. Nice staff too!
You can never go wrong with McDonalds. Love their chicken nuggets
Is not a 24hr place, just stop at 5am by the drive through the lady said they closed
Long waiting time at nights I waited for an hour for drive thru
Terrible,the works was rude..I had to ask for napkins,ketchup,and BBq sauce for my nuggets  and they gave me buffalo sauce instead.The ice tea tasted old and smelled sour.
I today sat in line For 40minutes for a order. They need more staff if that case
Ordered 3 sandwiches and received only bread, no meat no cheese. Only noticed when I got home. Congrats  
Ran out of apple pies however in place they let me have any treat I wanted off the menu sweet deal.
Good food, but terrible service. If you ½
Garbage service. In the drive thru line for 30 minutes. No exaggeration. Place should be shut down.
The service was fast and they were kind I will give them 5 stars
Horrible service 30 minutes for chicken nuggets... that should never happen management is definitely a must
Food was ok for Mickey D's... But the basket was horrible.. Didn't care... Didn't even wanna be there.. Didn't want my business..
It was good kinda fast but they gave me a hard, burnt sausage mcmuffin so  ½ï¿½ï¿½ï
They don't honor their own advertises specials 1.49 ice coffee any size
Fast and friendly crew. Hot food and clean lobby and bathrooms! I ½ï
The whole experience was HORRIBLE. The fries were soggy the cheese was stale on my burger and they didn ½
The web says open 24 hours and they closed when we were in the line No customer service
"Closed bathroom because of covid or cause you don't want to clean ?
Basic service for customers."
Good for this kind of food. Love their fries. Can't be eating this every day though.
I had 2 laptops and phone stolen from the car park in this restaurant. There are no safety cameras and this is a locally known by police trouble spot along with Dennys
Waiting 45 min in the drive thru.... never again.. horrible
I love McDonald they are everywhere ans their coffee is super good
I enjoyed my early morning visit to Mcdonalds. Started off my morning woth no complaints over my order.
This is a VERY clean McDonalds
This is the worst McDonald   s I hav
I Made the order by the Kiosko, and i take 30 min to pick it up, no enouhg cookiers and servers...
It was all right said quick service.In and out.
Miss this Mc when I used to work around there the hispanic lady who helps in drive thru is amazingly nice and super great worker.
best managed store in MIA.  the others could learn alot from these guys.  But it's location at 36th and Biscayne makes access in and out a challenge.
Terrible service!!! My fries were cold and soggy, chicken nuggets were burnt and old and even my soda was flat 
Very dirty place. Restrooms without toilet paper. Cooked burger in wrong way against directions placed in the order. Not recommend.
Saw the manager come out the back picking his nose, straight up digging for gold in that thing, then start serving people with no gloves #CmonSon
Don't forget the condominiums,  because they won't offer it. No ketchup,  no napkins  being so rude. Won't come back here again.
Cold food, gave different order to us, forgot to put almost the half of what we ordered.
Poor attention from the team, casher and manager, discrimination against homeless person that wanted to buy food. Not a recommended place to visit.
Tax service great place dairy Queen easy access to drive through and walk up dinning
Horrible the employee that work in that place they don't  care. I WAITED 1HR for a drinks in drive thru.
Horrible service. Closed before time posted. Dirty
Thanks for getting DJ Khalid his happy meals!!!
"The employees are not in the cashier window for more than 30 min and all the cars are waiting .... I
Am waiting"
Rude employees and managers and a lot employees or managers DONT speak English. This is AMERICA!!!!! I should not have to go to a place in America and deal with non English speaking people. RIDICULOUS
Sat in drive thru lane for 45min at 3:40 AM. Ridiculous wait time. Ended up going to Checkers.
I drive 30 minutes to go to this mc Donald ½ï
Food fresh all the time. fries hot. Customer service needs to improve a little.
Thru the years, I have seen how the people working in this particular mcDonald's changed for the worse.
Fast and quick but don't forget to ask for napkins and ketchup. They don't automatically put them in the bags.
Terrible went for breacfsdt drive thru and  they give me my order incomplete, sadly I found out already at home with mi wife and 2 children what a disappointment.
Dollar men and other cheap food. Could be your best place if you ar
Rude cashiers, waited for lmost 40mns in drive thru why do they make 2 lanes waste of time
Very rude at drive thru. Management needs to work on who they have at the speaker and window.
Fast service, good staff. 2 McChickens and a large fry were really good 
Good caramel frappe i order sweet and they gave me what a want it
If you go to this store after 10 pm be prepared to wait for your food more than 30 minutes, terrible service, I waited for a meal 35 minutes!
Comes handy late at night, pretty fast service and there is always coffee available.
Food was good, but the mens restroom was being cleaned for a long time and multiple men walked away or used the women's restroom.
Takes way too long come to answer at drive thru, drove around and staff were on their phone.
Customer service needs to improve. Especially The drive-through area..
This McDonalds is amazing sometimes it messes up the ingredients but in a overall it is perfect
This place is really nice. I loved the decoration.
Fast service. Always get my order correctly.
Unorganized and slow but atleast they got the order right
This is the worse service I ever seen in my life, they have all those emigrants working, slower than snails.
DO NOT GO!!!!!### the WORST customer service!!!! Manager does not do anything to solve a problem when drug addicts fight with customers!!!!!!! It's literally a McDonald's for the homeless.
Such bad, rude , and unprofessional service. Worst McDonalds I've ever been to
Too much wait at midnight. Burger had unsatisfing taste and coke had no soda
Girl at drive through with ear buds and very rude .. .stay home and give a job who needs it
Excellent service and clean restaurant as well clean eating areas.
You can check your box when you pass  for drive thru. Half of your order you will find
"Horrible customer service
Long wait time"
Always my stop for a quick burger and it ½
My McDonalds! If I can take it home with me I would. Keep the bag. Im taking the whole place home with me. Big Macs EVERYDAY baby!
It's Miami Florida McDonald's is 100% better than  silver city NM McDonald's
This McDonald's needs a major management make Over employees a horrible act like they don't hear you  Skip your order gave you the wrong food and then they get mad when you tell them they gave you the wrong order  DO your Job right and get off your phone @McDonald's
it's not 24 hours. they work when they want
really bad service hope it will get better asap ....
Only for the company system which has you asking for ketchup and Myo and suger, the staff is lovely.
My fish sandwich was cold the cheese wasn't even melted on it and I asked for it fresh out of the grease a d waited for it
I made and uber eat at 4 am and they canceled my order at 5:48 am horibel service.
Always love the food especially the fries and their big mac
ýýý That was the Biggest ,& Most  Prettiest  Ice Cream Cone I've  ever seen/ eaten. ýýýýýýýý Thx Mickey D'sýýýý ýýý
service was slow, dinning closed
I love this fast food restaurant service is always on point
Bathroom was extremely dirty at 6am. I mean real filthy!!!!
Drivethru speakers don't work.
i gave the cashier a 10 bill with 35 cents for her to give me back a 5 dollar bill total was 5.34 and she only gave me a cent back so they took my money.
incompetent, staff not helpful and overall service poor. Wouldn't go back this Rest)
Slowest drive thru in America
Clean restaurant.  Friendly service.  Easily accessible.  Handicapped parking available.
This place is the example of the worst service that can be given. super bad, super slow, any day at any time ...
tasty as always but a step closer to my grave the more I eat there
"24/7" bullshit. Horrible customer service. They had me wait in line for 30min to find out they were closed.
Lazy staff,all act as of they are special Ed, unless you have all day I would not recommend this McDonald's.
Awwwwful service!!!! Waited for our order for over 20 minutes. Worst McDonald's experience!!!!! Stay away!!!
Slow service. Been waiting in my car.. parked.. for 30 minutes
I ALWAYSSSS ask for my muffins WELL TOASTED. They understand.. BURNTTTTT!!.... ½ï¿½
It was horrible never herd of no refills on a large sweet tea that comes with 90 percent ice and 10 percent tea.
The only problem is the homeless people always in the store.
Self service,well located,but servers are little slow.
Dirty, rude workers, food was cold.
Super long wait times. Not helpful staff. Not the best mcdonalds i have been to.
Still waiting... 25 minutes if you are looking for FAST food, think about other place
Literally 20min for 2 cups of coffee and apple pie unbelievable.
I would have gave it a higher rating if it wasn't for the bums the make it there personal hanging out place . . .ill nasty
Good place for a quick cheap bite at McDonald's. The crowd makes this place a 4 star McDonald.
Service is slow and night workers are unorganized. Need training in customer service.
Slow service, food poorly made.
Manager was nasty. Bad energy in this place. No one seemed to want to be there
Is not my first time going there but today food was cold
It is the slowest fast food service ever!
There're outside homelesses and you can't recharge your drink.
30 min service waiting for one ice.crem only and clients quality really bad
slow service .. we were in drive thru for an hour and the service is terrible
Worst service ever. 20 minutes waiting in the drive thru
A waste on my 25 dollars with the rude a** and manager is no better they use u to much salt and messed my order up they need to step up like for real
They call this fast food? Really? The driveway is like a parking lot,  nobody move.
When I go the line is so long in the drive-thru and they are slow but friendly
Rude staff and lots of homeless people sleeping outside the restaurant.
Usually short or missing  napkins or straws or food item.what ever you do don't ask for extra barbecue sauce.
the worst ever. they treat me very rude and I imagine that they were cursing me in french.
45 minutes waiting in the drive tru... Very bad service.. This people should pay me for that!
Dude, I never rate something but this was so bad I logged in just to rate.
This place is not too bad...but i give it 3 stars
Food was served quickly. I was in a hurry and was an added plus on that day.
The location is good it's  easy to go in and go out from Collins Avenue.
Good customer service, fast drive through
We waited in the drive-through Lane for 20 minutes for our food they were very disorganized
This is the worst mcdonalds it seem everyone that works here is slow
No pie and homeless men trippin' on acid by the dozens
Location was clean & staff was very friendly.
The worst McDonald ½
I don't go much anymore but when I go in most times the food is very good.
This is the worst has McDonald's ever and I used to work there so I know
Literally sit in the drive thru line at 3am for over an hour.. horrible!!!
Quarter Pounder with Cheese was not cooked fresh like they advertise.
30 min wait .   Don't come here
Worst service and longest wait times out of any McDonald's I've ever been to.
Staff ok,just check food for freshness
They always get my order wrong.
By far the worse McDonald's. Staff playing on cell phones and manager goofing off in the back while a long line of people wait
They told to wait 7 mnts then she said we are closed- its not 24 hours???Very bad service
Heavy traffic  specially at night , there's three cars and they take long time to give you the food.
Forgot my sauce twice but what's not to love about McDonald's.
Very bad service slow and dirty place. Never go back again.
Very good service and great fresh salads
clean restaurant customer service very good
Food is too good,
The staff is nice, but they are clearly lost
THE WORST MC DONALDS EVER!!!!!
Bad experience from the attendant. Never returning.
What can i say its McDonald's home of the best fries.
Right now at 448am they are closed, she told me and I quote "if your talking about this mcdonald, then yes we are closed"
Terrible! Waited too long for an oily and greasy burger... Not again!
Uhhhhhhhh.... bad just bad.... if you have any other option , let's go to look for another location. This is REALLY BADDDD...
This is an upgraded McDonalds but they call out numbers from people who ordered through the kiosk.
Horrible customer service!!!!
Ask for the gabbagool
Got a double fish fillet, pretty cool. Recommended
Worst service ever, no manager, no attention for costumers.
Is McDonald's there is nothing much to say.
I have a breakfast in the same place every day if l can.
Slowest drive thru I EVER EXPERIENCED. Ridiculous!!!!!!!!!!!!! Over a half hour, REALLY!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!?!?!?!?
Fast and great customer service
Friendly staff and really clean place.
Works place long lines, no help
The place has good food and good service 
The worst drive through experience in miami
The server is fast,but the price is not right
Terrible Service, the Sprite was water and ice literally
Extremely slow, inefficient, rude and a lack of overall customer service
Ive been in line for 30 minutes. No one wants to work.
Excellent Services, the staff super friendly.
Service was too slow for a fast food place.
Always lying and claiming there system is down I called before I came waist of time Spanish girl was very rude
Terrible
Very nice and clean place! Well McDonalds is McDonalds!
Rude, attitude, no manners and got the wrong order
This McDonalds owner is so cheap they don't have refills on your drink!!
Always and always ill buy in mc donald's for almost 40 years
Quick and easy and they got the order right
manager was not pleasant it was as if she had a bad attitude
That's my place I love to go eat at
The drive truth is fast and the food is fresh
Drive thru take longer than indoor ordering.
Lines are very slow in the night hours ,should hire more people,
The wait can be long at times. They should hire additional staff.
My Burger was tossed together and the customer service was non existent.
Was in the drive thru for 45 minutes. Ridiculous!
Friendly staff always fresh food
Fast and good...all clean...I like it!!!
They dont know respect no customer service
This McDonald ½ï
The food was good and fresh.
Fast, and good service.
The claim they close at 3am on Saturdays...
man do they seem to take their time making the food
Slowest McDonald ½ï¿½
Good food and amazing people there
that is not fast food restaurant..... when you have to wait more than 40 minutes
Food never fresh employee gets mad when you ask them to remake it overnight crew
Food horrible because staff overwhelmed late at night.
It's McDonald's what do you expect.
Very clean place, friendly service
Coffee never sweet, burgers always cold
Restrooms were super dirty, feces on the floor and toilet bowl.
Friendly staff and fast service.
I love vanilla ice cream cone
Nice place, very comfortable and kindly attention
Super dirty. I don't like that store.
Fast good, that's it. No to go often.
Garbage worst service I have ever seen
Worst service ever
Was in the drive thru for an hour and a half
Food was FOOD. Fast SERVICE. Staff was FOOD. Clean.
Just because they open early and I can grab some coffee
Excellent clean they even spoke English
Gery bad service
Just like any fast food joint
Trouble place lobby says 12am close an they close it 10:30
They tranning of there customer service  and they was rude
Very friendly kinda slow always
Steak egg and cheese bagel is not good.
too much waiting!! 20 minutes waiting for an order.
Don ½ï
Please verify. Wet floors at entrance at night. Terrible bathrooms. No access to paper
Thia place is fast compared to others.
Restrooms need more attention and paper towels.
Great drive-thru service
tables, floors were dirty, staff was not friendly .
Unprofessional customer service and Long waits
1 of the Most disgusting MCDONALD'S around , nasty ,, that's the McDonald's at Jackson memoriaL hospital  *******
cash only???? wth this is midtown Miami and the McDonalds is cash only?
terrible slow, crew rude and no efficient
Good value warm food
Bad service. Rude staff.
Very clean, safe, many tourists.
Slow and bad service to the patrons who are in wealchairs.
Same as any other McDonald's. Very busy due to its location
Fine but dirty bathroom.
Worst customer service ever!!!
Poor service and the outside intercoms don't work
It is close right now
It was closed at 10 pm...
Waitet 30 min. After ordering
Always good for a late night snack
Big breakfast w/Pancakes...no syrup,butter or cutlery..
Delicious shakes and burgers!!!  
Fast service and Standard McDonald's quality
Service was sorry one of those speakers was broke
I was eating and a cockroach walked by my table, how disguting!!!
Good service
Very fast and well done  ½ï¿½
Delayed slouchy drive thru service
Very efficient and friendly staff.
Horrible customer service and unprofessional staff.!!!
Very slow drive thru at 2am
Cant go wrong with Micky D's
Would go back here!
Extra tartar sauce on my Sabbath fish sandwich
Nothing different. Just like the other McDonalds.
It's fine, nice workers.
Very unclean place. Poor service.
You want and the isn't one anywhere around here wondering Y?
It's McDonald's.
Horrible! Gave my whole family food poisoning!!!
Very slow service with few customers
Closed. Iocation is supposed to be open 24 hours.
Human DNA found in mc burgers. Fact!
Didn't have any scezuan sauce.
Drive through was quick and fast
Fast, clean, friendly crew, efficient.
Bad service and aweful tea
Very fast and friendly service
Good service nice employees
Its a McDonalds with a slow drive thru.
Really busy, but they deliver.
really good food and good service
This place is always getting the order wrong
Excellent employees and service
The people there is rude with the costumers
Not bad
Packed of people, orders taking forever
Slowest service I never seing
Poor quality of food, rude staff.
Clean, organized, love this Mcd's...
Horrible service
I wish there was a way to not give any  ½
Quick meals affordable prices
Slowest drive thru ever
Quick service
Excellent place.. So quiet..
Very clean place, ok service
It's McDonald's, eat at your own risk.
Same....no icecream...
Good quick service.
Great service awful coffee
Today was the worse ever service
Always good!
Slow and nasty people!!!
ýýýý
The cashier was so nice
I had breakfast was good
I like it
OOF
Not 24 hours
Mc happy
Rude people work here!
There was no Mc flurry
DID not fix my sandwich correctly
Too slow Poor attention
Sup wanna meet me at your crib?
Great like always
Great parking, not crowded
40 minute drive through
Drive-thru is slow
Really fast well managed
Great no complaints
Best way to  serve food
Security guard kick a homeless pregnant Woman
They serve their friends first
Decent speed, okay food
Great customer service
No issues good experience
The food wasn't fresh.
Fast food! Friendly staff!
Quick and courteous service
I take some big Mac there
Really fast service
Cool
Clean place. Goid food
Every mcdonalds in miami is the same
The food was not fresh
Awful place dirty and rude
Delicious
Got my order wrong
Awesome
Will never eat there
Very fast service
Great customer service
Long wait. Few employees
Ok.ok.. Clean restrooms.
Ecuadorean manager is the best
Not to bad or not great, somewhere in the middle
Make sure the fill you fries....
Nice place with shade
Good fast and clean
Can you screw up McDonald's?
Crew are so disrespectful!!!!
slow line
It's ok
Finally this place is cleaned up
Fries where cold and spoiled the whole meal.
Service always sucks
Really slow service
Cleanliness is not a priority
It's alright
Very clean, and organized.
The worst Mac Donald ever
They are so slow
Nice and 24 hours.
It isn ½
It ½
Awful condition of the restaurant
Clean and good service
Slow drive thru
Die of starvation in the drive thru
Drive thru uneventful.
It 
Geat
You can get a cold burger!
Homeless bothers you for money in the store
Super nice and quiet
The wait was crazy slow
Got a treat for the kids
Why do i come here?
Missing an item I wanted
Nice Help
The Worst McDonald ½
Very popular spot in Biscayne Blvd in Miami
Good food
Too slow service
Was ok, not that nice.
Good service, faster
What the new number at Mc Donald
My grandson ask for nuggets
Poor customer service
Not fast.
Bad service, bad management....
Good service.
Poor service, poor food.
Slowest service. Ever.
Waited in line 30 minutes
Quiet and really clean
Long wait! Very, Very Long!
Need something fast
No good service
ýýýý ýýý
Really good place
Good luck
Poor attention, very deficient....
Q rekooooo x"D
Always great  
Love mc Chickens
No customer services.
It ½
Slow service as usual
Morning staff is amazing
Great fast food
Poor customer service
Bad service
too many pan handlers.
I love MacDonald's
Slow Food
Always consistent
Dont go
Good food
Always #1
The attendant was amazing
Very slow
Worst experience ever
I love the pancakes .
Good and fast
I like it
Fast food sucks
Great food!
No wifi
Im lovin it!!!!
It's ok
8I of o
Good fries
Great prices
The food was cold
I Love !
Its nice inside
Be prepared to wait.
Bad service
Just fast food
Great place to be.
Not the safest area.
Terrible attention @#$%#%!!!
Its okay. Thats it sadly. Its okay.
Terrible. Just terrible
Good services.
Great service
Ok
Fast service
Terrible service
This place was ok
Ser vice clean
Ok
I Like IT
Slow is f&$%##
The people was fast
Great service
New and clean restaurant.
No customer service
Love it
Always nice
Chaos during lunch
The best mac.
Regular
Great food
Great food
Great food
Excellent service
Slow service
Good as usully
Great place
Great coffee
Good Services
Good service
Excellent attention.
Is not bad
ýýýýýýýýýýýý ýýý
Complete incompetence
Long wait time
i love it
Fast food but it is what it is.
Great service
Good service
Good shakes
Slow .
No a serious place
Good coffee.
Nah... Good
Wonderful service
loved it
Slow.
Love it here
Love it
Goooood
Staff was rude
Mmmm
Allway good
Love it
Love the coffee
Awesome
Very dirty.
Good
Always busy
Nice
Slow and rude
Rude employees
Nice place  ½ï¿½
Terrible
A cheese burger with no cheese
Really sucked
The worst, dirty
To slow in the morning,
Slow
Dessert time ..
Nothing was fresh
Ok
Long lines
Good
Ok
Ok
Fast service
Ok
Quick service
Ok
Super slow
Yuck
Ok
It was good !
Ok
Quick service
Nice and popular
Good services
Great place
Good place
Good
Great
Too crowded
Awesome
Ok
Good
Worse.. services
Great
Top
good
Fast
Disgusting food
Very clean
Good
Excellent
Ok
Fresh and Hot
Very clean
Luv
Nice
Awesome
It was okay
Pleasant
great spot
Good breakfast
Good
Wonderful
Good
Good coffee
Enjoyed it.
Good
Dislike
Cool
Bad
Nice
Its was ok
Slow to attend
No comment
Nice place
Grab something to eat
Worst
Nasty
What was expected
Nasty
Gangsta
Slow
Regular
Worsr attitude
R4
ýýýýýýýý ýýý
Clean bathrooms
Cc
Clean
Poor 
Dirty restroom
Average
Thanks
Typical
Its McDonald's..
Normal
Right on time
Stick floors
something new
Homeless hangout
Friend rock
It's a McDonalds
Garbage!!!
Convenient
It's McDonald's.
McDonald 
If the app gives you the option to select a table, THEN THEY TAKE IT TO THE TABLE. They still get annoyed because they called me by the order number, when I was sitting at the other end and didn't even notice, until I complained to them 35 minutes later!!! Either they correct the app or better train the staff.
Bad service in the disgusting place of churre, the supervisors who have to set an example, just gossip and speak ill of the clients, I don't know how the owners do not come as a surprise. There are people who really deserve the job. Hygiene shines. .hand sanitizer empty
What a real lack of respect to close the door for customer service before 10 pm between almost 15 minutes before and they told me that the boxes were turned off what a bad service from this establishment the staff are super rude if they don't want to work better don't go  ½ï¿½ï¿½ï
In the night shift 9 / 10 they are taken as a break because several times I have gone and they say that it is "closed", and the service has always been very, extremely slow and late... but it is the one that is close to me and no way , but without a doubt one of the worst in the whole country
It is the third time we go at night and they don't let us in to eat. We always go before 10:00 pm, today we arrived at 10:05 pm and they literally slammed the door in our faces, and on the door it says it's until 11 pm. If you don't have dine in after 10 pm please change your hours on the website and at the door of the place!
The staff is rude. The facilities are not comfortable. They are very slow. The parking lot is small. The location is very good. It is close to the highway.
I always return to this place because it is where they make the best ice coffee for me, some very friendly and polite shop assistants, thank you
the stencion is terrible, 10 people behind the counter and from so much they talk among themselves and laughing the line is very long, too young and arrogant for stencion public, the owner of that franchise should open his eyes a little and clean up the lazy that they do not work
"One star is too much
McDonalds very dirty staff useless in every way and I'm not talking about the sandwiches a shame"
Horrible experience. Good location, however the structure is terrible and disorganized. I waited almost 40 minutes for my order to be ready. The staff are nice, however the whole service is a mess.
They won't let me put zero stars, that's why I chose one and they don't deserve it. The worst MacDonald in the United States, they are a shame, the bad treatment they give to customers, I was in the second line, 3 cars passed by from the first and they didn't serve me When my turn came, they yelled at me because I ordered in Spanish. I asked to speak to the manager, he told me NO, then my 9-year-old daughter asked for her order in English and told her that she was not going to sell and said a bad word to her...I had I explained to the manager that they called him and in front of her he treated me badly for not speaking English, a very bad attitude from that person... how sad with so many people who need to work, they give work to people without education or respect...
Incomprehensible things come across in the neck, they can   t open the toilet and all the toilets are closed, you can ½
They gave me some sundaes with the wrong topping and then they changed them for ones that were almost empty and poorly made... very bad customer service, they didn't even give us an apology.... ½ï¿½
I don't like it very much, the breads are not like the ones we used to eat at McDonald's, also almost all of them only speak English and sometimes it's hard to communicate
Excellent we love McDonald's fast service
I asked for an order for delivery and received the opposite. I ordered a large milkshake, a small one arrived, and the chips that should be hot and crispy arrived cold and not at all crispy. Oh and they forgot my absorbent. The manager of the place needs to watch his workers because they are not doing their job well
Very bad attention they yelled at me just for not understanding my language they should put only English so many of us would not go through such unpleasant moments
To get out of the way it goes well, but the attention is unfriendly, dirty bathrooms. Average food to a MCD.
Dirty place, noisy employees and they took the order wrong
The attention is terrible, a shame they don't care about the customers, they leave the orders adrift, annoying people. The worst in attention avoid this mac donald
Worst MacDonald I've ever been to I hope I never go back it's all bad
"In: They are sick here they are supposed to be open 24 hours a day but they do not respond to the Drive and the employees who are working indoors do not open the door to customers, so we stay outside I don't necessarily like

Eng: It's sick here they're supposed to be open 24 hours a day but they don't answer the Drive and the employees who are working inside don't open the door to customers, so we stay outside I don't necessarily like"
nice place but bad is that most of the time you have to wait a long time for the food and the employees are not very friendly or attentive to customers and not to mention drive thru the wait is unbearable
It is said that it is 24 hours a day but in truth it is between 8 AM and around 10 PM, I imagine it is for reasons of not having enough staff to work.
You enter the bathroom and there is no soap to wash, there is no paper to clean yourself. The hamburger is good but they deliver it to you with the black lettuce, which for me is rotten. The fries are potato fries ..... I returned them twice because they taste like oil from 7 days ago ... very low
1 hour waiting!!! And his second drive tru lane was useless! No one indicated anything or put a sign to say that it was useless! Horrible experience, worst Mcdonalds in FL!!! Apart from the zero friendly staff. Never come!
No one maintained hygiene standards... the person in charge did not make herself understood with the use of the language either. It was a bad service experience
Terrible service, one hour to buy two cheese burgers and the employees ignore their customers
too little staff for the amount of customers
Rich fresh good price
The place is nice and it was clean. Mc Cafe very good
Of all the stores of the Macdonals chain that I have visited, this is the slowest and without customer service. The lady that they must know that employee by employee number was very abusive with her way of attending, she was very closed in the explanation in the offer that she wanted, she argued that it is not her problem to explain but only to place orders, in mockery that she did not want order would cancel the order.. he fought because his service is like that... as if he was going to give me the order as a gift...
Terrible place, dirty, bad attention, slow. And to top it off, in the middle of summer there are no frozen drinks... with a silly excuse, since it's a business with so much money, don't they have to have several machines if one breaks to replace it?... in a business like McDONALD'S, Do they not have enough staff to apply customer service as it should be?
Very slow, too slow
Because the first time I use this service and they did not bring me 2 ice cream that I ordered and when I called to complain they do not answer or give explanations, and my nephew whenever he orders this service from his phone says that something is always missing and I did not know why If you were like that, I would not ask for this service, now is not the time to vote for money since the work is not good.
The food is good but the service is bad, nobody pays attention to you
Horrible experience 1 hour in the drive truck. Don't even think about waiting.
Good place very good attention
A homeless person with a very bad smell opened it for me, we started off badly and inside there were several homeless people who were staring at our plates... sorry, it was NOT comfortable at all
Terrible staff in general, I have never seen a worse McDonald's in my life. Super slow, 20 minutes on the clock to pay for the order since the payment kiosks did not work, without any order, without priority to attend to the payment, without smiling, they seemed bitter at work.
Even the one in S ½o Lu ½s - MA - BR is faster than this one. I spent mor
"One of the dirtiest McDonald's I've ever seen. Its exterior and the withdrawal window looks all dirty!!
There is no maintenance at all.!!!
If that is the building, how will the kitchen be?"
The employees lack customer service skills and are very slow preparing food. The self-service line was long and the attention inside was almost non-existent. The food was fine.
It wasn't good this time, they gave me a box with melted cheese and I don't know what else instead of 4 chicken nuggets. Eye check your orders well before retiring from the window
"Ice cream... the air is so strong that it doesn't let you stay to eat something.
Orders are made with a machine... if one is a foreigner (as in my case) it is not fast enough and others wait.
I totally rescue the attention of a dispatcher ROBERT... attentive and speaks both Spanish and English... it was what best stayed in my memory..."
"Very bad place. Very bad place
The manager has an agreement with tows and takes the cars from customer parking, receives bribes from the tow company.

The manager has an agreement with the car towing company and receives bribes to take them from the customer parking lot."
Excellent atention. But the bathrooms are very neglected and the waste containers were completely full and there was no space for more. That part looks bad
As an uber driver and delivery person today 29 10 2017 I received a delivery from that place for a client. I stay . At zero battery, but I take a current charger that I had in the car. I went to McDonald's I asked them to let me connect in the corridor to complete my order and they told me no. It couldn't end, I lost time and money, and I'm sorry for the customer and my uber company.
I remember this place perfectly. With my brother we went on vacation to the USA a few years ago, when we arrived at the hotel they told us that we didn't have the reservation made... We got scared!!! So we crossed paths and went to wait at this Mc. They treated us very kindly the whole time we were there. Super loving ï¿½ï
The one who seems to be the manager today, very unprofessional. Everyone talking and playing even physically and the work behind and unattended. Only the cashier did her work, although she also seems to be a manager because she had a shirt with stripes that was different from the others.
It is unpleasant that they are constantly towing cars in your parking lot and then the owners of the cars enter the premises claiming in an incorrect way, I understand that the parking lot is only yours for your clients like me but I think you should find another solution to this problem I think that behind all this there is a business with the grueros because I go to the place every day and on more than 10 occasions just someone parks their car and in a second the tow truck appears that they have hidden in the street behind the place, the service of the place is 5 stars I will continue visiting the place, perhaps they should make bigger signs in each parking lot that they should not leave the car in that place thanks for the opportunity of my comment because many times I have wanted to do it again thanks
I believe that there should be more empathy with the client and guide them in their order for those who do not know the menu, a smile does not hurt anyone
The worst experience, seeing how the supervisor denied a homeless person some fries for 25 cents. I am outraged by the lack of sensitivity on the part of the staff and seeing how they laughed at the situation! . The poor man did not go to ask or steal, he wanted to be able to eat with what he had. Shame. I will not go back to that McDonald restaurant.
"A rather dirty place, the toilets were filthy.
We waited more than 20min to be served (fast food...)
Far from being the best McDonald's we've had..."
Whenever I go between 5am and 7am they always tell me the same thing that the system has gone and they don't want to sell. They should improve the attention and for that they should improve the supervision of this store
The coast is closer, so the MC is easily accessible! The shnake was delicious! The cheeseburger was also good!
The worst place, I left because it was impossible to talk to the attendant, because I don't speak English. In other places they make an effort and we understand each other but I think they discriminate against us Hispanics!!
They are very arrogant, I took a coupon, and they gave me three options, I took the cheapest one and they sold me the most expensive one, so why offer me, and they spoke fast in English, so I couldn't understand them and, they could make fun of me
The SLOWEST McDonald's I've ever met, I've never left a bad review on any restaurant AND I consider myself a person with incredible patience, but everything has its limit.
I made an order through Uber eat and it took more than 1 hour and in the end I canceled the order because they never prepared it
Excellent service, you can't eat there yet, but it's perfect to continue with a healthy distance. As long as this pandemic (Plague) is present
~It seemed that the service was delayed despite the fact that there were not many people...otherwise, fine...clean and complying with health protocols....
There is something from Mac Donald's where there is no refilling, they serve you 90% ice and 10% soda. When you tell them that it's impossible to pay to have flavored ice, they tell you that you should have asked for it without ice.... unusual...they even ask you how you want to breathe and it turns out that the customer is to blame for something they don't expect to be served.
"It's very good, during the day there are older Latina ladies who are very cool, but not at night and the place is not so nice.
I'm surprised that McDonald's promotions in the USA are so bad."
The tables are clean in sight but there is a lot of problem with homeless inside the restaurant. Preferably go through the drive thru
Excellent
The place is very good but the manager has very bad treatment with customers
Very slow and bad service
Very bad service, the staff does not make an effort to do a good job, first they wanted to charge me for an additional hamburger, then they gave me a big Mac in another cover
Very bad service! The person who served me was terrible! I do not recommend it!
Double Mac cheese burger extra bacon li yï¿½ï¿½
Virtually the entire store was uncleaned, the disgusting bathrooms, the uncleaned tables, the floor with the rest of the food, the super slow service (lack of staff), much to be desired
The mace is good.
"Good location and easy parking.
Standard McDonald's service.
A few sporadic beggars, but nothing that bothers a Brazilian."
They are very fast in the service and everything was very clean, the supervisor very attentive and respectful of their costs
The service seemed a bit slow to me. The order machine was not working to pass the card.
I had a good experience, the girl who helped me to make my order was very kind and when I got to the second window, very kind, they gave me everything I needed. It was midnight. I recommend it.... Excellent attention  
Very good, although at this time there aren't many people who make shipping faster
Quick or self-service attention according to preference, additionally some employees speak Spanish and English which makes the purchase process much easier
It is not 24 hours they should update it, 00:06 at night on a Saturday and they did not want to serve us while we were inside because they closed
I ordered an order online I went to look for it and I had to leave due to the delay they had all the doors closed
good taste, very late 45 min in line at 11 pm
The worst McDonald's in Miami, horrible waiting time, only one cook, bitter employees, a disaster with Uber Eats... you want to save yourself a hard time, don't come here!
Terrible!
Terrible service, it's supposed to be fast food and at dawn it takes 1 hour at the drive thru
Rare bustling place to eat in this part of Bay Side on Byscayne Boulevard. Lack of better between 3 skyscrapers!
The place looks impressive, but it is not what it seems and it is not very high quality.
If you like potatoes, it's fine, it's a normal hamburger place, they're not that big, I give it 3 stars, good parents and Sunday, nothing more.
"Unpleasant smell.

Gotta get some cleaning tips from MC Donald's in BRAZIL!!!!"
They take forever to get your order out, whether it's in or at the drive-tru.
The worst service. The staff is rude, the food takes time to be served. I do not recommend it at all. One of the worst McDonald's I've been to.
Zero hygiene
It's like any McDonald's except that the service was lousy... With rude employees and they gave us everything cold.
CHILEAN, I visited this MC Donald on one of my trips and it's good, close to Lincoln And it tastes like always. Local a little small located in a corner, also has automac
Bad attention, bad attitude and terrible service. In conclusion they should change all the staff
Bad service, not friendly. They gave me the potatoes in half and without salt and when I made the claim they refused to change them
The breakfast is the best but there are areas with a lot of tourism and only dark-skinned people, in any case, they are never cordial
I received very good attention, the staff at that McDonald's on US 1 is very friendly
The worst McDonald's! The attention is terrible, they do not dispatch quickly, it is always the same. They should pay more attention to this venue, really!
They overcharged me and my order was not the one they delivered to me. Making me waste more time than I should. What a crap this service
Always anywhere in the world my son will go
"I liked their breakfast, also their cheap prices, and their quick service.
It is a good place for breakfast. It will like you."
Super because it's supposed to be fast... although depending on the time... they lack hands
Bad service and bad taste. Wouldn't go back there!
I liked. I don't speak English, and the lady who helped me very quickly made another very pretty and kind lady help me in Spanish. I felt very well cared for. Thanks.
For fast food lovers. It is well located. They always serve you quickly
1 hour for two hamburgers
It closed at 11:45 p.m. and they wouldn't let us in, incredible by force, and with the help of people who complained while inside, we were able to enter badly
Very bad service, very hard bread, very poorly made ice cream, an unrecommended place
"The manager of this place is arrogant and arrogant
He also has business with him, I saw how he insulted a client and on top of that he humiliates him, it's bad"
A clean family place they serve you very kindly very comfortable a good service excellent service
Very good attention from the supervisor
Very bad service, too much, very slow are the workers
Super fast attention. Soda. You can repeat it
Well it is an upgradeable place where you can eat very tasty
The food is very rich I like to go a lot because the food is very good
Good service, cleaned .e charm in new method.....love it
Good but many lines with the car
I went at 5am on Sunday and it was closed. A lie
"Good evening. Completely disorganized staff speaking very loudly in Haitian Creole
The wait was very long."
Good attention. New healthier products.
So-so, I took a sandwich which is under the 5th number there, right in the picture you can see that there is a tomato and they gave without a tomato (
Well, like everyone, I only like breakfast
Slow and rude service. After Checkers the worst place in Miami.
McDonald's stop. Nothing to complain about. Usual junk food. Queue at the drive in mostly full. Good access route
Very, very time consuming to deliver the snacks.
The slowest in the area. Fast food they claim to be.
The attention was good and fast. The nice place.
Very slow service
Attention has deteriorated a lot
Attitude of the managers as if she were the owner and without supplements, a lack of respect, a lot has been lost in this McDonalds
Terrible deal, time doesn't seem to matter, there were only 3 cars and I was there for almost an hour
Fast food for full days excellent options
No Good Unhealthy Dirty Bathroom
What a bad staff do not hire to eat there
good food
Free wifi for customers, very good service
Very poor service from all employees.
I liked it only that they are wrong in the orders
Very good breakfasts
Delicious hamburgers and I love breakfast, delicious pancakes
no power the cardboard straws
This rains on the wet, very bad attention and they take too long.
"5 star location
Bathrooms. 5 stars
Cleaning. 4 stars
Attention. 4 stars
Meal. 4 stars
Price quality 3 stars .."
The attention was not the best, staff unconcerned about the client in general.
very fast service
The service is horrible, they want to take the order however they want
Excellent service. Store needs renovation.
Very friendly what is very small place
They have improved the waiting time ï¿½ï
I love the app and the curbside ordering
They robbed us and robbed us of everything. The security is bad and the restaurant does not support anything.
The fries were old and cold.
MY GRANDKIDS AND I LOVE McDonald's
The service was good and fast
All good, although when I went they didn't have desserts...
Very good attention, the manager is very kind.
A nice and quiet place to eat!!
Horrible the lines take too long
Excellent place and very good attention!
very bad yesterday they gave me the bread burnt and black
This place is always crowded with tourists
Good but the high level
Very dirty...unfriendly staff
Good attention
Very good service and food
Very bad attention, not recommended at all!
I like them they deserve 5 stars
Reasonable food good price
Bad service at the drive-thru
Great in fast food  
Excellent location and very good atmosphere, excellent service
All very good food attention
Quiet open the local January 1.
Very. Well
They treated me very badly.
The service is very good
To remove hunger is enough
It's good, but lately it has become very expensive.
they took good care of me
